the ambiance here is perfect . i love the garden patio it feels so magical especially at night when they turn on the string lights and candles . food was decent too . i ordered the dijon crusted pork cheeks and baked mac cheese and really liked both . it is a bit on the pricey side , but the ambiance more than makes up for it . overall a solid place for dinner for me and my friends .
perfect wow ! what a wonderful experience ! great food and service ! the menu is great and the outdoor patio is heaventhe beet salad is very tasty if you are questioning adding the chicken easy yes . seasoned perfectly the chocolate mouse with homemade whipped cream and touch of smoky salt is worth every calorie
such a cute spot ! went here for lunch on a friday we booked some tables via the yelp site an hour before driving over highly recommend making a reservation as they do book up fast . they have their brunch menu available until on weekdays . the outdoor patio is so cute ! a breath of fresh air in the city quite literally . we got the fried chicken sandwich with a side of fries and it was wonderful with a sweet brioche bun staff are extremely friendly and helpful , an overall pleasant atmosphere . would highly recommend coming here !
fable was alright in my opinion . the vegan lasagna was good ! however , definitely go here expecting to shell out some cash for only slightly above average good . the portions are also really small in my opinion . we also were not seated in a great spot despite making reservations beforehand , we were right by the entrance of the backyard patio area but not inside it really . you are paying mostly for the ambiance here , which is fine ! just go for the pics , eat some pretty good food , and drop more than an average amount of cash . i hear their brunch is better though !
we came here for brunch and on the outside , it looked just okay and the menu was pretty limited and prices were a little high but i was pleasantly surprised on how nice it was in the patio . the ambiance is great . i love the pretty plants and the arrangement of the patio . we made reservation for on saturday in advance . when we came and checked in at , we were told that the kitchen would be closing in minutes . i was taken aback . why would they offer reservations all the way up to but not inform their customers that kitchen will not be open . why would i make reservation for a limited drink menu ? i thought that was bad on their part . be clear with their reservation times and what they could offer at those hours otherwise , do not allow us to make reservation if you cannot serve us food . anyway , everything worked out . we were able to get our food . the staff was also very friendly . the food was good . it is not amazing but it is solid . i got the fried chicken sandwich and i thoroughly enjoyed my meal . the seasonal mimosa was also good . overall , it was a nice experience despite the small hiccup .
i have loved fable forever ! their food and staff is just so amazing ! i have tried a lot of their food , but their vegan squash lasagna is particularly delicious . i tried it on a whim , and now i get it all the time . i love what the squash brings to the lasagna . and of course , you have to have their chocolate mousse to finish everything off . it is perfectly light and chocolatey and satisfying after such a wonderful meal . i often order from different restaurants on hyperflyer because you can order directly from the restaurant without all the extra fees of other sites , and i just saw that fable has been added ! i am going to celebrate by ordering and picking it up for dinner tonight .
let me start by saying the outside patio atmosphere and service is . the downside of here is the lack of options . the menu is very limited . especially for someone with dietary needs . as a vegan i really only had the vegan lasagna which was okay . too heavy on the vegan cheese for my liking . my friend ordered the tuna appetizer and said it was good , but wished the menu had less pork options since she does not eat that . overall we enjoyed our wine , the atmosphere , and the the okay food .
this place was so cute ! if you are in the castro district and want to dine somewhere romantic , this is your spot ! no joke , this place is by far magical . from the food to the ambiance , this place is perfect . staff is super friendly . making reservations through open table app , i highly suggest it . this place does get busy and if you have no reservations , you are likely not to be seated as there is limited seating . came here because i was browsing locations for a romantic or fun restaurant and this poppes up on search results . later that day upon searching , my app had a video that showed fable , the restaurant . instantly , i knew i had to book a dining experience here . my plus one and i enjoyed our evening with great conversation and laughter while eating delicious food . this place is perfect during coronavirus times . outdoor seating woth lovely plants all around . for starters , we had the macaroni and cheese . simply devine ! crusted cheese with light breading , it was way too good . i had a seasoned chicken breast over mash potatoes and greens . flavor to max and not dry , as i was a bit worries before ordering . nope , it met my expectations . my date had a hamburger that looked ravishing . portion size was good , he had no complaints .
i really wanted to like fable . maybe it was because we came for drinks and dinner instead of brunch , but our experience , and service , were rather mediocre . vegan lasagna and fries were tasty but expensive for the portions , and wine was but nothing spectacular . the patio in fable is beautiful , although sadly we did not get to see much of it since we were seated next to the door and the beverages . brunch experiences seem to be better so maybe come then if you are itching for a visit .
flavor tried their fried chicken sandwich and it was not anything spectacular ! as all of bay area is coming out with their own fried chicken sandwiches , i did not find this one competitive at all . their sweet potato chips , also were more rubbery than crispy . instagram worthy the outdoor patio in the back is breathtaking with all the plants you are surrounded by . it is like eating in a jungle but with heat lamps ! appreciate all the decor to make your dining experience worth while . service friendly staff , did check ins with us but left us alone for the most part which i appreciate ! we did not have a reservation but they still took the chance to give us a table right away . takeaways i find their menu for lunch super limited , a little too picked over in my opinion . not only that , but their prices are on the steeper end . you are paying double for a fancier version of what you will get at an equally tasty place perhaps miles away . would come back for the ambiance but not the food .
dr fantastic brunch spot if you can sit in their patioi come here a few times now and i think it is a fantastic spot to bring someone on a date or gathering with friends , especially if you can get a seat in the back . i recommend calling ahead to book or using opentable . the food it good but not exceptional . nothing stands out to me . they have a variety of different items , including sandwiches , pancakes , quinoa bowls , chilaquiles , etc . which is great for friends with different tastebuds . i got a quinoa bowl and added a ham . this includes avocado and poached egg and , this is the best deal on the menu . i noticed the chilaquiles was a bit light on toppings . fried rocky jr organic chicken sandwich with house cut fries is a good value too because the sandwich is pretty big and the fries are fresh and super crunchy . overall , a good place for friends but too hyped up .
visiting an old stomping ground is an interesting experience the castro was a staple of my first few years in sf and it is undergone a transformation in the era of covid . the bars are now outside and it is refreshingly buzzing with energy for those of us exhausted by the lockdowns of the past year . i have always wanted to try this place i heard they had a great patio for outdoor dining they do ! and decided to catch up with a friend for dinner . we shared the pork cheeks , avocado dungeness crab tower , mussels , lamb chops , baked mac cheese topped with crab and pear ginger crisp . everything was excellent but the baked cheese topped with dungeness crab was the highlight of that meal . the best of it was the burnt bits kinda the burnt rice on a bibimbap . crab season also just opened and the side of crab on top was the perfect accompaniment . the lamb chop was also a special dish , particular with the parmesan gnocchi and mint sauce . service was good and the patio indeed lived up to expectations . with tax and tip , this was per person . just a great dining experience and highly recommended !
excellent service , beautiful outdoor patio , and great food ! i did not try it personally , but their double double cheese burger looked out of this world !
i am so glad this place is still open in covid . it is a beautiful place to go to for brunch . the outdoor seating here is amazing , and the food it top notch . i got the chicken sandwich and it did not disappoint . it was nice and crunch and still super juicy on the inside . would come back again anytime !
cute outdoor garden experience during covid . my boyfriend and i were looking for some place to dine during covid , just to feel the dining energy back . this restaurant was great , very cute , and with good vibes . i had lamb chops with a glass of red wine to calm down the strong lamb taste . my boyfriend had the sauteed king salmon with horseradish in a bed corn , he said he liked the lamb dish better and i did too . if you ever get to visit this place , enjoy it !
beautiful garden dining experience ! i would probably go here again just to experience the garden ambience ! the food was absolutely fresh . limited on veg options . but when i checked the menu their brunch and lunch options have at least a few veg options when compared to their dinner menu where only the salads are veg friendly and no entree was veg friendly . my husband had the egg sandwich without bacon . he thought the gorgonzola cheese did not go really well with the rest of the sandwich . i had the vegan grilled zucchini sandwich with a mixed green salad on the side . i absolutely devoured it ! the focaccia bread for the sandwiches were so fresh and tasted great ! ps furry friends are more than welcome here
recently went here for lunch . nice back patio seating . enough space so you felt good about being there , and the patio was lush with plants , and felt so good to be dining outdoors . the food was superb . we had the fried chicken sandwich , with french fries delicious ! and to balance that out , the beet salad with goat cheese , and grilled chicken . both were fresh and really tasty . the service was friendly and efficient . this place really was a gem in a busy neighborhood . i would recommend making reservations ahead of time , just in case .
we got lucky find meter parking right across street . we had reservation so we were seated immediately . we walk toward back of restaurant . into a beautiful outdoor garden . tables were social distance . our waitress did superb job with her mask on . she was very attentive but kept interruption minimal . we ordered tuna tower , salmon and special of day seafood cioppino . all the dishes was cooked to perfection . we cleaned out our plates . perfect for girls night or date night .
very cute spit with an amazing garden partio ! lamb chops are excellent . perfect combination of spices . extra credit for hosts . they really have an idea how restaurant works . three of us stopped on saturday night at pm at castro ! without no reservations . according to their reservation system they were fully booked up . however , hosts were really good at games of tables and found i way to sot us ! definitely we will be back
came here on a whim on a saturday night and was able to get a table inside . unfortunately all of the garden tables were taken , but i am glad that we were able to try the food . got the mac cheese , meatballs , and burger . everything was delicious . the mac cheese was amazing ! the meatballs . i have had better , but overall it was a good experience . we had a great waiter as well . would love to come back and eat in the garden soon
i came here after restrictions were lifted . we sat in the back patio during a beautiful day . the one thing i did not like was that our server was very clueless about checking if we were good . we waited over minutes just to get water or drinks . but the two other servers saved the day by being super attentive so that would be my negative critique of them . food eggs benedictspinach , poached eggs , hollandaise , mixed greens added avocadored quinoa brunch bowl with poached eggs avocadogreen and yellow zucchini , arugula , honey lemon vinaigrette sandwichover medium eggs , gorgonzola spread , bacon , arugula , honey lemon vinaigrette added bacon avocadodrinks my friends had mimosas , rose , and water . the drinks very good . i definitely love the upgrades you guys have made since the last time i came . i also love how clean your bathrooms are and i appreciated that . one other friendly tip is to make sure there is enough shade in the back as it was very hot the time i went . thanks again for everything .
what a delightful garden patio dining experience ! i came here for saturday brunch with a girlfriend , we made reservations online and were seated pretty promptly after a short wait . i would recommend making a reservation if possible , there was a bit of a line outside waiting for walk in seating . the ambiance is very pretty , almost felt like i was transported out of sf and into a garden oasis ! fair warning , if you are paranoid about table spacing for outdoor dining for covid reasons , this might give you a bit of anxiety especially during full house weekend brunch time . i thought the tables were pretty squished together in the back garden patio , there was maybe ft space between our seats and the seats of the table next to us . granted , the tables may be precisely apart , just not the seats . the food was good for brunch . i had a crab cake benedict and split the french toast . i thought the french toast was the most memorable dish of the meal , and the bloody mary was pretty good as well . we also shared a carafe of blood orange mimosa because why not . service was friendly and as attentive as you can expect for a weekend brunch in the city . overall , i had a lovely time and would consider dining here again .
the decor and food here is excellent . it is such a beautiful place . i had the baguette french toast with a side of bacon which was delicious . it was soft and warm and came with strawberries . also had the blood orange mimosa which was really good as well . the food arrived quickly too . only issue was the waitress . we arrived at for a reservation . the hostess was so wonderful and told us the kitchen closed in minutes , but drinks could still be ordered after that . great . then comes katrina . she rushes us to put our order in . then she tells me i have to put my mask on even though i was sitting at the table . she did not tell the other person i was with to put their mask on , nor did she say that to any other table . i am not someone who does not wear their mask or take covid seriously . i take it very seriously so for her to say that to me , really took me aback because i did not think i was doing anything wrong and i felt singled out . then as we are eating she comes and puts the check on the table . we sat at and she gave us the check at , even though there is a minute limit . she never asked us if we wanted anything else . we had wanted to order another carafe , but she did not give us the opportunity . as we were finishing our first carafe she kept taking things off our table , but again not doing this to anyone else . we felt so rushed and pushed out . i would like to give this place more stars , but she took away from our experience .
this spot is adorable and cozy ! my boyfriend took me here for my birthday and i was so surprised to find this gem of a garden in the back of the restaurant . the food was also delicious . we had the sesame seed seared tuna , pan roasted chicken and the mac cheese . the tuna was soooo good ! it was accompanied by grilled choy , a basil sauce and mango pico de gallo which perfectly complemented the dish . so so good ! definitely getting that if i return . the chicken was a little dry but overall flavour was very comforting . the mac and cheese was also sooo tasty . for dessert , we had the chocolate mousse which was light and not too sweet . hope to return again for brunch in the courtyard !
first and foremost , the patio is beautiful . we stumbled upon this place whilst strolling through the castro , and delightfully discovered the back patio that feels like it is from a different world . almost like going into narnia . thankfully , the food stacks up to the plate as well . we had the burger , vegan lasagne , lamb , and mac cheese and they were all fantastic . also huge shouts to our server arion . fantastic dude , kept a very entertaining conversation while we waited for our order !
i am so sorry but what is the hype on this place ? the food was so not good . i would give the vibe stars . the burger was , pork chop was absolutely gross . you can make a better new york steak yourself on the stove . i am having a hard time believing these and five star reviews . the only reason why i booked was because of the reviews . save your money and go elsewhere .
i am very glad we went there and had a really pleasant time and really tasty food there . outdoor seating is available during the covid but to our safey the patio is pretty spacious and it is possible to keep social distancing more or less . the staff is keep all necessary restrictions and treats their customers very well and very politely . it was not so hard to make a reservation even though there were pretty many people . all the plates were delicious and we all liked them . the food looked attractive with flavorful smell . and tasted very good for sure . i gave four stars just because of one reason and it was time . we waited for our orders a bit longer than expected but it was not like too long . there might have been some rush in the kitchen because the staff was running between the tables the whole time . to conclude , the venue is pretty cool .
everything here is fresh ! that is the best way to describe it . delicious fresh . the staff is wonderful . such an amazing vibe and the garden is beautiful ! you must try !
such an amazing little spot ! the staff is so accommodating and friendly ! the garden out back is beautiful ! they have a great wine list and their fried chicken sandwich is amazing ! definitely give it a shot you will not be disappointed
would dine again ! make your reservation right now ! it is so cute . everyone was being covid safe with masks worn properly and tables were spaced out . everything we ordered was delicious . green goddess salad , mac and cheese , asparagus , rocky jr chicken , and the tuna all . our server was also super nice and the service was good !
vegan review this was my first time at fable and i was so delighted to see a vegan entree . i do not think any of the apps were vegan but i do not eat a lot in one sitting so i was content with just my entree . the vegan lasagna was so yummy . it had almond mozzarella which made me question whether the dish was vegan or not ! it was gooey goodness . the pasta part of the lasagna was pan fried which added a lovely crunchy texture to the dish . the marinara was simple but so good . i wish there was more of the marinara but besides that , i was a very happy camper . at dinner , the lasagna was which i thought was kind of pricey . the only vegan dessert i saw was a sorbet trio but i did not have any . service was great and their outdoor seating was so beautiful ! ambiance was on point and would be perfect for a date night !
i really enjoyed my experience here . the food and cocktail were delicious . only thing is it took a while to get our bill , so we were sitting for a bit . the place is pretty busy tho , so not a huge problem .
i was pleasantly surprised with the food and service here . to be honest , i did not have any expectations in particular since i knew nothing about this restaurant other than seeing it coming and going . we were promptly greeted by a friendly host whom offered seating in the front or back outdoor area . the server was prompt and courteous . for the appetizer , we chose the grilled mussels . this paired well with the white wine we ordered . we then ordered the pork chops with sweet potatoes , and lentils and the grilled chicken breast with scalloped potatoes and greens . i wanted to get a real taste of what this restaurant was producing . so , i also ordered a side of mac cheese and a side of french fries . the fries were served with ketchup and an aioli sauce . the service , quality , presentation , and flavor was enough to make me want to come back for more . in short , i recommend !
dined there with friends for a birthday celebration . great outdoor patio with heat lamps , tropical plants , beautiful ambiance . each of us ordered a different entree , salad and dessert . all first quality . excellent service and great wine list ! will definitely be back for more . i heard the brunch is one of the best in the city
they have an amazing backyard patio great for social distancing with heated lamps and beautiful garden decor to make your dining experience magical which is why i am giving them stars . the service was great and they are very attentive . menus are via a qr code and they only serve wine and beer . food portions are huge , we got appetizers and entrees . we got the pork cheeks which came with kale . we got the salmon as an entree which came with a bed of corn . we also ordered their spaghetti special which was homemade and a spin off of a carbonara . i think the only reason why it is not a star is that pork cheeks did not really go well with the kale salad and did not have a lot of flavor , but the spaghetti was delicious and flavorful . the salmon was not overcooked but i was expecting a bit more uniqueness with the flavors here . overall a solid experience especially with covid and social distancing requirements . i definitely enjoyed the experience as i would in a normal situation .
atmosphere , stars ! service and food , eh . i would return for the atmosphere again and again . weather protected garden patio with heat lamps and the sound of running water . unfortunately , there seems to be an issue with service each time i have come in , like having my drink delivered as i was leaving and a reservation booked while the kitchen was closed midday without me being informed . although there have been several mishaps , if you are looking for a laidback brunch experience in a garden and are able to be patient as this new place is working out the kinks , i would recommend .
fable is a very charming place to grab a bite to eat especially now when dinning outside or in an open space might be a prudent idea . our food here was nothing special a burger and a sandwich but it tasted great to be dining out . i could see brunch being fun here . gorgeous garden setting . service was great .
dog friendly very cute and aesthetically pleasing outdoor space . does not even feel like you are in sf . we arrived on a monday around . you have to walk through the restaurant to get to the back patio area . the server told us we could sit anywhere that was open . qr code was already on the table to access menu . their lunch menu is small and only contains sandwiches and salads . really wish they served brunch everyday , but unfortunately , brunch is only available on the weekends . there was only one server pretty much doing everything so she did not come to our table right away , but she was super nice and attentive after it died down a bit . we had our dog and she offered water for her which was great . i went with the fried egg sandwich and added avocado . sandwich was really good but messy ! it fell apart as i was eating it . all of the flavors worked really well together but the focaccia was a bit dry . if you do not like gorgonzola , do not order this . gorgonzola flavor was really good , creamy and strong . my boyfriend ordered the fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious ! no onions in the slaw which he loved . chicken was crispy but tender and moist inside . we both loved their fries . so good ! i would love to come back and enjoy their brunch menu next time . i really hope they make it through this pandemic !
came here for brunch on a saturday afternoon . the food was really good we got the french toast and chilaquiles . i still dream about the french toast . when i am having a really bad day , i will go get it . the patio in the back is beautiful pleasant to sit in . my only feedback is that the service and overall management be improved . i called while we were on the way saying we would be running a few minutes late and with our eta , and the man on the other end was so rude . he said we likely would not be seated and if we were , our time would be cut short . he said for brunch the time limit is mins and dinner mins . of covid . none of it made sense and seemed odd . anyway once we got there , they seemed to not care at all and have a table for us .
we came here for the ambiance , since in coronavirus times , we only wanted to eat somewhere that had a good outdoor dining heated area . i will say their outdoor area was so covered up that it almost did not feel outdoors at all , not sure how ventilated it was , but it is still better than indoor dining . the plus side is that the heat lamps were super effective and it felt nice and cozy on the patio . now for the food pork chop was on point ! had to get their bestseller entree , and it did not disappoint . juicy and tender , and the pear chutney it came with paired really well . highly recommend this . my husband got the braised lamb and that falls apart so nicely and was super tender as well . try those two ! my friends got the burger and tuna entree , and they unfortunately said those were just okay . we also ordered the delicata squash in sage brown butter to share , and while it was delicious , it was i i in butter . take that as a positive or negative up to you !
think bistro with a nice off the street patio . fable gets busy so book a reservation . they serve wine and beer , have basic fare , and with a backyard patio it is a nice place for brunch , lunch or a simple dinner . prices are moderate . parking can be a pain though which can require walking a few blocks from a space to the cafe . i came for lunch , but have been here before . service is attentive , food is good , and it is as close as the city has in the way of indoor dinning at the moment . our lunch was a fried chicken sandwich , and burger we both opted for the fries , and split a cob salad . food was good , and it was a pleasant afternoon . if coming here for dinner , i would recommend the mussels as a starter , the pork , and or the salmon , and that you indulge in their mac cheese . fable also has some nice deserts , or you can just wander down to hot cookie , and or double rainbow to get your sweet on .
i was searching for a nice outdoor dining restaurant to catch up with some friends from high school and yelp lead me to fable . they have the most beautiful backyard garden with heat lamps and canvas to protect you from the wind and fog here in sf . we tried the dijon crusted pork cheeks , grilled pork chop and the baked mac cheese . i loved the kale salad that was served with the pork cheeks this dish is under starters but is the perfect size for a light entree . the grilled pork chop was flavorful and cooked perfectly . the mac cheese was just as delicious as the rest . we paired our dinner with a bottle of pinot noir and everything was perfect . overall we had a wonderful experience , food was great , service was great and the ambiance was beautiful !
its not bad . it is not amazing . but it is expensive . i paid for a damn cobb salad . patio is cute .
so happy to be able to dine out and have a sense of normalcy at a time like this ! fable is a garden oasis in the castro , with a large lush patio tucked in the back so you would never know from the street . qr code to save paper from single use menus , heat lamps to warm you in case of inclement sf weather , nice knowledgeable staff who always wore their masks properly . now the food stellar ! we loved everything we ordered honestly . we were hungry and there for a birthday celebration so we went ham on the melon prosciutto salad and mac cheese to start . oh man the breadcrumbs on the mac were next level . salmon and pork were pretty simple but really well executed . we saw the strawberry panna cotta walk by so many times we were stuffed but still caved and ordered it . no regrets . boo said it was the most lavender he is tasted in a good way .
i found the food to be just . nothing to ride home about . the chicken sandwich is fried but excessively fatty . the fries were soggy . the mimosa was mostly juice . the waiter was friendly but not very attentive . overall a meh experience with lots of better options close by .
could tell the patio ambience was amazing from yelp insta but the food also did not disappoint ! i was hesitant on the sesame seed seared tuna since i typically only eat tuna as sushi ceviche something that is not just tuna alone but it was amazing ! just enough crunch on the outside sauce and veggies for flavor . did not get any apps but would love to come back and try some especially during happy hour
i loved this place so much ! the service was fantastic , the food so good . the garden patio is in the back of the restaurant and the tables are nicely spaced out . space heaters helped to keep us warm . i will definitely be back !
i do not usually write reviews but i felt that i needed to let everyone know how wonderful my dinner experience was last night . the entire staff was friendly and efficient . the food was absolutely delicious . i will definitely be returning .
definitely coming back here again ! the chocolate banana bread with honey butter was unbelievable . it was extremely moist on the inside and slightly crispy on the outside . i had to resist ordering more banana breads instead of a meal . i ended up going with the pear butter salad with grilled chicken ! this was delicious .
i really want to support fable . i rave about it to all of my friends and family as the food is great and the patio is wonderful . but after the last two experiences i have had here and a couple off experiences before , i do not think i will be returning . back in october before shelter in place orders my last time before my recent visit , we had to wait minutes in order to even be acknowledged get water after being seated . it was a saturday brunch , so no big deal and it was busy , right ? we ordered at the same time we got water given the pace , and we were good to go . we got our food and drinks we would ordered relatively quickly albeit at the same time minutes later . minutes into our meal , the manager brought over our check saying we needed to cash out and leave as our table reservation was approaching the minute limit . i had no idea there was a minute limit , but to seriously push us out after we only got our drinks food minutes prior ? bad experience . i went to fable again last night as a first dinner since restrictions were lifted , and i really want to love this place . we were seated , and no joke it took minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us . the table to our left had been seated , received water and their separate drink order , and ordered food before their server came over and said our server ? would be with us shortly . no one showed up for another minutes , and we would been sitting for minutes . at that point , i was honestly so frustrated i got up and left . my boyfriend went to the owner and told him the situation , and he asked if he could make it up to us , but it was a lost cause at that point . i get restaurants are doing their best right now , but fable either does not train their staff or does not properly zone them . we immediately walked to starbelly after getting up this second time and were able to secure a on our walk over , and were seated promptly , served efficiently , and even apologized to that they felt we would been waiting long and we had not , esp compared to this experience at fable . be warned .
after months of being good by sheltering in place , i was antsy and wanted to go out . sf finally allowed outdoor dining so i came here with a friend for an outdoor patio lunch and i am so glad i did ! the outdoor patio is pretty with colorful flowers and foliage . we sat in the shade under the awning . the restaurant had hand sanitizer and a qr code menu which was in line with no contact menus . tables were six feet apart and servers wore masks . i ordered oven roasted chicken breast pesto , roasted red pepper , shaved red onion , mozzarella and homemade focaccia bread herb dipping oil with thyme , rosemary , parsley , parmesan , chili flakes . chicken sandwich was yummy and i could taste the pesto and onions . the focaccia bread was crispy and toasted and the herb dipping oil added a lot of flavor . when the sun started to creep into our area , they lowered the awning so everyone under it was in the shade . talk about anticipating guest needs ! my friend and i do not like being in the sun so it was nice to have someone recognize that the sun was going to shine on the diners . service was attentive and friendly . i would definitely come here for brunch one of these days !
we had a very nice birthday dinner here last night . the garden dining is beautiful , the wine list is excellent , food is fresh and the staff was really nice too . the garden is beautifully decorated with plants , lighting and very effective space heaters . we are definitely going out for a night on the town !
i lost track of how many times i audibly said or silently thought oh , wow ! during the meal . we began with an appetizer of tuna tartar with wonton chips a special , which the waiter recommended it was beautifully plated , and the creaminess of the tuna avocado mix meshed perfectly with the salty crunch of the chips . for her entr , my ordered the steak frites . the steak was tender and juicy and perfect , but the fries were perhaps the best fries i ever had , which i would describe further , but any verbal rendering of them would be inadequate and thus diminish their grandeur . i ordered the pork chop with mashed potatoes and brussels sprouts for my entr . it was the second best pork chop i ever had mom was better , garnished with melon i think and raisins , which pulled it all together . the brussels sprouts were also phenomenal and it is tough to go wrong with mashed potatoes well , one can , but fable didn . for dessert we had the chocolate mousse , which was , in my word , delightful ! on some non culinary notes , the outdoor space was lovely , a little piece of paradise in the midst of a pandemic , and our waiter was awesome , equal parts friendly and knowledgeable . this place is great . you should come here .
i am glad this beautiful place is still open during covid . i love their gorgeous patio outdoor space that is friendly . great team members ! i would definitely suggest this beautiful place to my friends .
the lush outdoor area , inspired by jurassic park , is fantastic . food was delicious and the staff incredibly gracious . definitely recommend !
went here for the first time a few weeks ago with a friend i had not heard of it before but my sister found it when trying to help me find an open res somewhere for an early dinner on friday of . super cute spot in the castro with literally the most amazing patio i have ever eaten at . i was so giddy when they seated us because we were surrounded by beautiful plants everywhere big palms and trees and flowers and greenery everywhere . after being cooped up inside and unable to travel it felt like a tropical getaway which was so wonderful . we ordered a bunch of different things to share the watermelon and crispy prosciutto salad , the caprese with the housemade mozz and the fried pork cheek and apple salad . the caprese salad was delicious the tomato was really well seasoned with salt , the mozz was delicious and the servings were generous . i wish they put more mozz on it was sooo creamy and so good , i honestly would have bought some to good if it was available . the pork cheek salad was mind blowingly good i did not know what to expect originally , but the pork cheek was so tender and so well seasoned and it paired perfectly with the apple vinegary salad . the melon and prosciutto salad was also good , but not quite as great as the other two . still very refreshing and tasty though ! we obviously could not resist dessert so we ended up getting the bread pudding and panna cotta and a glass of port . oh my goodness both desserts were absolutely incredible , although the panna cotta was one of the better desserts i have had recently . service was really wonderful and i felt very safe with all of the socially distanced measures they put in place . such a great find , and looking forward to returning !
i had such an amazing brunch experience at fable ! everyone was so sweet and attentive ! i cannot wait to come back !
honestly , do not get the hype . might just not be my taste , but the food was bland . everything was okay at best . do not get the sweet potato chips , they were soggy ?
made a reservation in the afternoon for patio seating . only every other table was seated and the servers all wore masks . the patio is very cute and a great place to hang out . it felt airy and relatively safe during covid times . they seem to be only serving a limited menu right now though and their food was just okay . but still a great place for a classic glass of wine and a cute outdoor spot !
as an old fart , i believe this was where nirvana used to be . all of the dishes had plenty of flavors . i would order a few of the cauliflower apps ! great staff and kid friendly .
absolutely delicious and great ambiance . super chic . the chilaquiles , french toast , crab crack benedict were off the charts . for drinks the bloody mary and blood orange margarita were super tasty .
this is a great option for covid dining because they have the most beautiful garden space in the back where you can dine outdoors with enough space between tables . it is quite a large outdoor space and has lush plants and cute lighting all around , making it a great place for a date night . i ordered the dijon crusted pork cheeks and the baked mac and cheese side for dinner and i highly recommend this combo for a dinner portion ! the pork cheeks were super tender and delicious and a decent portion with the greens alongside . the mac and cheese was decadent and comes in a good size small pan . staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
my husband and i really enjoyed the experience here . the patio for outdoor dining is beautiful , although i wish we would have been seated in a more shady area as it was a hot day . we had a reservation for sunday brunch but still had to wait about ten minutes , . the service was attentive but they definitely seemed stretched thin . but as i said this was sunday brunch , so i am sure they are less rushed at other times . i had the chocolate chip banana bread with honey butter and a side of bacon . the banana bread was absolutely amazing and perfect for someone like me who prefers a sweet treat rather than a full meal for breakfast . it is hard to mess up bacon in my book , so of course i enjoyed that as well especially dipped in honey butter . my husband had the burger and fries , which were standard but good and and came in a generous portion . the food is pretty reasonably priced for a sf brunch and we will probably be back .
the lunch menu was kind of eh but the brunch and dinner seem more exciting so i guess i might go there again to try those menus . the sandwich was unexpected really yummy and the burger was juicy and good .
beautiful outdoor space ! also they had the best fried chicken sandwich i have ever eaten in my life ! i think about it often ! i will definitely going back here when back in town !
they have a nice patio . food was alright , they are not supposed to do the burger less than medium . could use more seasoning . nice ambience i guess , drinks okay , not super impressed but would not tell someone not to go either if that makes sense .
patio and burger are hard to best on a sunny afternoon . fable is great for brunch with friends and the service is friendly .
amazing food . hands down the best pancakes i have ever had . so fresh and definitely had a homemade taste or even better make sure you make a reservation otherwise you will wait an hour to get a table . coming in the morning rt when they open at is the best because you will get your order fairly quickly .
had a great experience here . the food was phenomenal , the staff was so professional informative and on top of their game , and during covid the only seating available is the patio . which is what made the whole experience even better ! patio was amazing ! highly recommend this place !
really beautiful garden esque patio seating , and food was great too ! i ordered the french toast , and would highly recommend
went here for lunch and sat in the gorgeous atrium style patio . the look of this place is what sold us but sadly the menu was confusing and limited . we tried ordering drinks other than beer wine and were not able to those are only on the brunch menu we were there at which seems pretty brunch appropriate . we ended up having glass of sparkling wine and heading somewhere else to eat and get drinks . kind of a bummer if the menu matched even half of the aesthetic of the place it would be a hit !
cute garden area . the food was decent . good location in castro . during covid , they have a limit , which i think is very reasonable but the staff and food was exceptionally slow .
amazing service from the moment you walk in the door ! we had brunch on the garden patio and it was peaceful , quiet , and comfortable . the quinoa brunch bowl and denver omelette were delicious and solid portions . i cannot wait to come back !
so yummy ! i ordered the fried chicken and it was really good . i also really liked the moscow mule
i am so glad they were able to get us in . this was hands down my favorite place i have been to in francisco . the food is special and inviting . i got the vegan lasagna and each bite was as comforting as sitting next to a fireplace on a cold day . the environment only aided in the fairylike experience . lush trees and dangling plants dine with you at your table , and the twinkle lights are just bright enough for an intimate conversation with friends . not only was the meal great , but the staff was lovely as well . we were unable to get a reservation , but they set up a table for us and fit us in . perfect place for a few friends , or a date night . i will come back again .
it is been months since francisco went into pandemic mode and we are dying to eat out , but safely . fable has the most beautiful patio we have seen in the city , spacious for an urban restaurant in the heart of the castro . the patio is definitely the highlight of this meal , with lush greenary all around that take you out of the frenzy of this whole year for a few hours . we ordered eggs benedict , the house burger and a order of pancakes . the eggs were perfectly poached , the vegetables and muffin well done . the burger was messy to eat but packed with flavor . the pancake was a must order . light , fluffy and full of flavor , with homemade coconut whipped cream and syrup on the side . we went with our years old daughter and had a great time . the menu is by qr code and waitors all wore masks . the seasonal mimosa was strong and refreshing . we would love to come back . what a gem for outdoors dining especially now .
beautiful atmosphere in the back patio . excellent service . went for sunday brunch and although i was not very hungry i completely cleaned my plate . i highly recommend the sumer squash omelet paired with the blood orange mimosa .
came here for brunch on a saturday , wait time was for sidewalk seating you need reservations for garden seating . service was nice and ambiance was great , only issue was that the chilaquiles puebla was incredibly bland no flavor and in dire need of seasoning . the dish was pretty terrible and i just could not finish it . the breakfast potatoes i ordered on the side were great , so i would probably still come back to try other items on the menu .
came here on a saturday for brunch and mimosas . french toast done on a baguette was good , the flavor was delicious and the strawberries on top added to it . quinoa bowl with chicken was delicious added hot sauce and salt and hubby enjoyed his chilaquiles . back patio was gorgeous !
my guests and i had a really great time here . the private patio at night is absolutely beautiful . it reminded me of that outdoor restaurant in disneyland pirates of the caribbean ride you know if you know . our service was really personalized and quick . i was honestly surprised how fast our group got our food . minor downside was that drinks were limited to wine and beer no cocktails .
my husband and i came here for dinner on a friday night what a lovely surprise ! the back patio is lovely and we were very impressed with the food ! we got the pork cheeks and tuna tartare , steak and frites and the lamb . everything was delicious . the only thing we slightly missed was a cocktail menu , but the wine cart had great options too the service was amazing and we had a great night !
let me start off by saying , to the fable crew that served myself and my lady friend , you absolutely rock and the entire experience was even better than i thought it would be . setting the outdoor seating is in the back , and it looks like something straight out of a fairytale . comfortable seating , great foliage , and for dates , the tables are just the right size if that makes sense . crew our server was super respectful , and really a fun addition to the experience . shout out to you ! i had card payment issues that ended up working out , but they were about to cater to me and figure it out and i appreciate it . food oh the food was excellent . it may not be the boldest choice in francisco , but you can tell that a lot of care went into the presentation and it tasted excellent . good vegan options too ! also i really enjoy that they are mindful of food sustainability . if you need to take someone on a date , i would be hard pressed to find a better place in the bay .
we absolutely love love love fable . this place is an sf staple and you must eat here . we have been here multiple times and every single time the service is impeccable , the food delicious and we truly enjoy interacting with every employee . from the cooks , to the hostess to our waiters , everyone is just so nice , accommodating , warmth and welcoming , it feels like we are having brunch in our own backyard . we will see you soon fable .
i reserved outdoor seating the ambiance was great , but unfortunately that was the only thing good in the place my kid order the burger , and his exact words were how do you mess up a burger , he took two bites and said i cannot . my daughter had the mac and cheese and that is her favorite dish and she could not eat it . the salmon dish was mediocre . all in all go for a drink and enjoy the patio and not the food .
went here for valentine day and it was a fixe . the ambiance and outdoor patio was spectacular . however , the service and my food left something to be desired . we had to ask for water and flag down our waiter to order a bottle of wine as we were never checked on after we ordered . not great when it is guaranteed gratuity . my food was luke warm , truthfully , and the potatoes under done . i understand on on a busy night like valentine day and fixe means they make it and heat it up , but the lobster bisque was not warm and neither was my steak . my girlfriend had the beet salad , the halibut , and the creme brulee , which was all piping hot and extremely tasty . i would definitely go again , but for the price , guaranteed gratuity , and temperature of my food , there was definitely something off . wish i had ordered what my girlfriend did , it was all excellent .
gentleman . ladies . stop reading . just go . dress up . and go ! super beautiful ambience along with unreal service ! the food ? literally some of the best i have ever had get the mac and cheese
great food and great service ! i got the french toast which was delicious and the waitstaff made everything feel very safe . above all , the outdoor garden was gorgeous .
food was amazing , the service and garden was awesome . the staff was friendly and quick , they all were also following the covid guidelines . great experience !
fable is the perfect spot for a nice meal ! we went there for my husband birthday and it was just so so wonderful ! the food is so so good and the ambiance is unlike anything in the city ! highly recommend for any occasion !
the sesame seared tuna was the best i have ever had . i think about it all the time . . i wish i lived closer to the city . the back patio is too cute . great ambiance . server was very attentive . we had an appetizer too that was a special . it was cheese lightly fried from heaven . we will be back asap . perfect for a date night or with a small group of friends .
i wanted to take the times to write a review for this place . i came here with a group of for my birthday on saturday night . i called in a reservation for , there was a slight communication error and they only booked me for . no problem though ! the receptionist was on it . she got us a table and even accommodated our last minute party addition . the food was scrumptious . i had the lamb and a side of mac cheese with a south city ciderworks it was all so delicious . for dessert i had the panna cotta which i adored . i loved that so much . our waiter was really friendly and was pretty on the ball with our orders , and checking up on us , despite obviously being swamped . kudos to him . the ambiance was really pretty . perfect for a date ! the only issue we had was the water tasted weird and left us with a chalky feel in our mouth . we all thought it was weird but i totally forgot about it until just now when my girl reminded me of it . no biggy though , the alcohol fixed all that . the staff is very nice , friendly , and accommodating . the food , alcohol and desserts were all . and the overal setting was lovely and has the exact vibe you would expect from a place called fable would come back and suggest to others .
my boyfriend took me here for my birthday . great food and friendly staff . the outdoor dining was magical . for about two hours i was able to forget just how messed up the world is right now . he had the steak i had the special corn tortellini and we shared a ceasar . it was not what i had planned for my ! birthday but it was still a great day ! thanks for being a part of it !
fable was not exactly fabulous on my first and probably last visit . my friend and i tried this castro restaurant on the first weekend on which francisco restaurants with outdoor seating were allowed to reopen after the covid shutdown . the brunch menu is pretty limited , maybe ten items , but reasonable these days , with most items to . when our waiter gave only my friend a menu , a photocopied sheet , without explanation , i asked another server for a menu , and he said they were distributing only one per couple , since they did not print enough . just copies . make sense to you ? my friend ordered quiche and orange juice . i ordered their beet cured salmon eggs benedict and coffee . the beverages were each . with cream and sugar ? yes , please . i could not find potatoes anywhere on the menu , but i asked if we could substitute potatoes for the salad . our waiter said sure . after another ten minutes our waiter said the kitchen was still preparing the quiche , and it would take about another minutes even though the restaurant had been open almost an hour . did we want to wait ? no problem . after another ten minutes he brought the tiny orange juice and coffee . he brought no cream or sugar and zipped away before i could ask again . meanwhile , he seated a couple at a table next to us and chatted with them for a good five minutes . after another minutes i waved at our waiter across the restaurant . when he came over , i asked again for cream and sugar . instead of apologizing he just said okay and brought those items five minutes later . they must have been rationing the sugar brown only , because it was less than a teaspoon ! our meals arrived a good minutes after our waiter said it would be minutes . my friend said the quiche was okay . my salmon eggs benedict were good but minimal an extremely tiny portion of fish , probably less than an ounce , and no more than a tablespoon of hollandaise sauce on each egg . my friend joked , california cuisine ? every time our waiter came by he spent time chatting with the couple next to us but ignored us altogether unless bringing something . i left my now empty coffee cup on the edge of our table so he could not miss it when he walked by . he still managed to miss it every time , so i finally had to ask for a refill . warning bring a hat if you eat here . the roof is transparent fiberglass , and the sun can be brutal .
very disappointed . we ordered a beet salad , which was partially very tasty . but the arugula had so many yellow , wet , and wilted leaves , that we spent pretty much the whole meal removing half of the leaves . i know leaf greens yellow and wilt easily . hey , i do this when i prepare salad at home ! i just wish a few minutes was spent to remove them , instead of your customer having to do it . it is a salad . the beets and dressing was good , but how do you enjoy the dish after this ? mon .
love this restaurant great food and atmosphere . covid friendly . great or does dining asas indoors when covid lifts
this was the best restaurant of our entire trip ! the service was great , the food was great , and the atmosphere was perfection . the steak and frites was a winner , we tried it with the horseradish crema . it was killer .
earlier today i went on open table and my reservation was missing . so i made a new one for , i assumed it is covid it happens . they called me with a huge attitude , i did not want to come anymore .
loved it ! food was really good , staff extremely nice , patio is the best part ! def coming back !
patio dining is open during covid . , cute botanical themed outdoor sitting available . i took my cousins and had a good time . the food was just okay and the drink selections were limited . however , the service was great . i am thinking we have to come back for dinner menu . overall , i would recommend this place for a casual gathering .
this is one of my favorite places in francisco . as a local , i find this place a hidden gem . i am so grateful that this place has been open since the entire shelter in place . i work in the castro and come by here for lunch to go orders . my classic togo was the fried chicken sandwich and the quiche with cheese . the people who work here are really kind and their backyard patio looks great . i really love the ambiance here . it is very intimate even with the new city guidelines . this is a perfect place for a romantic date or a night with girlfriends . i would recommend calling ahead to make a reservation because when i walked in last weekend the line was long .
i went to fable on saturday for a birthday brunch and it was great ! we got the carafe of blood orange mimosas which were a hit and were plenty for the people at our table . the breakfast sandwich and omelet were very popular at our table and delicious but the french fries stole the show ! the hostess was literally the nicest girl ever , my friends thought i knew her for years that is how friendly she was . the only downside is their brunch has a time limit but , i think that has more to do with covid occupancy restrictions than anything else . all and all such a lovely place with great food , the cutest patio , and the most friendly staff .
honestly was having a day this day just really felt out of place and needed to just come back down to earth . and here we show up to this place out of every where they could have brought us in sf , i loved loved loved the scenery , they had amazing accents through out their planters , the overhead plants really made you feel like you were not touched next to the neighboring restaurant it was like a step away into a quiet oasis , they really add to the appeal of everything with these accents . i enjoyed that they had heaters throughout the restaurant for when it gets colder at night and keeps everyone comfortable . they have qr code menus so no one has to touch anything other than their utensils and food . honestly amazing venue , their outdoor seating was a pleasure . was just what we all needed to step away from work and enjoy a vivid step away from the hustle and customer service base work we all do , this compliant restaurant really prioritizing the safety of everyone there and especially during these pandemic times their staff as well ! their chef had an entire kitchen to himself with maybe one assistant but they were enjoying the music and did not keep guest waiting long at all . they were all kind and very sweet . we went for a work meeting and i enjoyed the grilled cesar salad during lunch it was no tease , honestly scarfed it down it was delicious my colleagues all had sandwiches and fries i snacked upon as well . they have a selection of ipas available , thank you would honestly come again to show off to my friends outside of work
great outdoor seating ! everyone is socially distant . the drinks were strong and the food was good
went here for the first time to meet a friend for brunch and it was overall a pretty awful experience . they have patio dining which is beautiful , whoever is responsible for the landscaping did a great job , its super lush and relaxing . however , after ordering we never saw our server again . i understand that things can get busy , but we were never even able to catch his eye , nor any of the other servers on the patio , despite the fact that he had to pass our table every time he went back inside . the food was just , you are definitely paying for the ambience not the food . i got eggs benedict , the eggs were way overcooked and the sauce was super under seasoned . the server finally came by to drop off the bill unsolicited and when i expressed my disappointment in the food he said i should have told him which how could i when he was completely unavailable . anyway , they ended up giving us mimosas on the house and the server told us not to worry about the time limit which we were informed of when we arrived . however that was short lived as soon thereafter someone sent the busser out to tell us we needed to leave so they could give the table to someone else . assuming it was a miscommunication , we explained that our server had made an exception but the busser kept insisting we had overstayed our welcome . it was humiliating . meanwhile our server tried to sneak by and pretend he did not notice what was going down . the least he could have done was tell us himself . as we got up to leave waiter made a big show of apologizing to the people next to us for the big disturbance we were causing . the worst part is that the whole experience made me feel like i was being difficult and dramatic when i was really striving to be understanding and just wanted a nice meal with my friend . basically do not expect anyone to check on you until they want you out , and expect it to happen in the most mortifying way possible .
first time in this place love the atmosphere food was perfect , price range is very affordable the only thing is our waoyer was not that attentive . but over all experience was great recomdable
i received a great service , fine location , awesome menu and fantastic environment . thanks a lot . i enjoyed very much .
our first real date since covid and it was all things terrific . we had the salmon delightfully crispy skin and steak frites cooked to perfection . finished with bread pudding and a peach cobbler , both out of this world . our server sarah was an absolute star . helpful and attentive . if you are looking to get out for a night , head to fable !
this place is perfect for a sunny lunch . they have a really cute patio and their menu has enough variety for any budget and any appetite . service is always really great , and at the end of the day , what more could you ask for . i always look forward to coming back when i am in the neighborhood .
so so so so good . the patio is perfect . the food is amazing . the service , so professional . if you are in the sf area you would be doing yourself a favor by entertaining yourself with what fable has to offer .
we made a reservation for well in advance . the reservation had been confirmed . but when we arrived they did not have a table for . instead of apologizing the staff was just rude , did not try to come up with a solution and did not even try to explain what went wrong . unprofessional and very disappointing !
didnt even get to try it thanks to their lying hostess edgar . treat people right thats all i . we waited an jour and went to check with him what was our status and he said he called which he did not ! and basically said oh well .
first brunch out since the pandemic ! was expecting some hiccups in service or quality but was pleasantly surprised ! food was great and came out promptly ! manager came by to check on us which was nice . definitely recommend fable for an escape from sip .
gorgeous patio . not a ton of vegetarian options . serves a lot of wine , a few beers , no liquor . food was good , my favorite was the delicata squash . might want to pick something else for vegans and vegetarians . overall a good experience , good service and good food . a nice place to go for a nice dinner during the pandemic .
believe the hype ! this was our first time dining out since sip went into effect and we were so grateful for fable providing such a wonderful and safe experience . all of the staff wore masks and we had the option of using a disposable menu or scanning a qr code which automatically pulled up the menu on our phones . the food , ambiance , and service was exceptional . the garden is a beautiful hidden gem that everyone must check out . everything we ordered was nothing short of delicious vegan lasagna , salmon , steak , baked mac and cheese , peach cobbler . cannot wait to go back again and try their brunch !
hands down my favorite restaurant in the bay area . the food is great but the service is what really stands out here . my favorite server is arion , everytime we have eaten here he has gone above and beyond the call of duty to ensure we had a great meal and great night out . we will be back soon fable ! om nom nom nom .
the food was okay but nothing special to cross the city for . waited minutes to get seated with a booking .
if you are looking for good food in a cute spot with the most comfy chairs ever . this your spot ! they have all your usual brunch options and sangria , but they did run out of coffee around pm . how do you run out of coffee ? i ordered the mushroom quiche and was pleasantly surprised . there were nice good pieces of mushrooms in it , so you can actually bite into the quiche and know there is mushrooms . the salad it came with on the side was light dressed with a vinaigrette . their banana bread is delicious . i highly recommend it if you are with a small group to share . there is also a back patio area , unfortunately the wait for it was too long so we sat inside which was just fine with us . if you can , make reservations in advance . it will probably save you a lot of time
lovely restaurant in the castro district . great outdoor space exterior back patiomenu selection is rather limited in these times of covidservice was goodparking can be challenging
i had really high hopes for this place and i totally take into consideration everything with covid . i rarely write bad reviews but there is really no excuse for bad service . the roles here were not clear . i am sure it is new staff but we were seated on the street , which was not ideal but fine . the server or hostess or whatever she was did not seem to know what she was doing at all . delivered drinks and walked away . uh . we wanted a little food . the drinks were just . bottom shelf wines for and cocktails with less than booze they might wanna have a disclaimer maybe we missed it . not her fault . finally flag her down to order . food was mediocre even though the descriptions sounded scrumptious . i ate about half and went to take a bite and there is a hair staring at me from my quiche crust . not anyone fault we all have hair but my appetite was lost . we bring it up to the server and she says she can take off of that item . what ! . ultimately they made it right and comped it . thank you ! unfortunately the overall vibe here was not a great one . i might try again to sit in the beautiful garden area and give them another try but . only if i have time while i am in town . i think if the food quality would have been better , i would have given more stars .
this place has a beautiful and cute atmosphere , as well as great customer service . the french toast is absolutely the best i have ever had ! to make things simpler , they also provide online reservations which i would recommend doing since they do get pretty busy even during covid .
we were strolling thru the castro and wanted something to eat . saw a sign that said they had a back patio for dining . i thought it would be better than the parklets scattered throughout the castro . their patio area is absolutely gorgeous and took me by surprise . i never thought i would see this sort of patio dining area here . the food was good we were there during happy hour so we were only able to try the fries , focaccia bread and oil , and the wings since they just opened back up . we will definitely go back to try lunch and dinner .
the food was amazing and the service was so fast . the staff was super nice as well , really beautiful outside seating area .
came here for lunch with my friends on a weekday and the service was great ! happy the seating is outside on their beautiful patio and the food was very satisfying . my friends only complaint was the homemade sweet potato chips that came with their sandwich that had a strange texture . i got the fried chicken sandwich and it was amazing ! if you are looking for good food and nice atmosphere i would recommend coming here .
the castro in general is not great for quality food , but fable is solid for brunch , and i was surprised to really enjoy their burger . the wait it took minutes for a host to come to us after we came in and were standing at the door , then another minutes for a table to be set when they said one was available immediately . this was at on a saturday . we got a table for five inside there was nothing out back . the cost for my double cheeseburger and fries . double cheeseburger starsthe patties were juicy delicious because they are thinner , fable could only cook them medium no medium rare , but there was just enough pink in the middle . i loved the thick fries , with a great crunchy crisp that still retained a soft , moist mid section . only complaint is the bun was a little dry .
really nice spot for a date or special occasion . it is a little overpriced but it is really good quality food and service is good as well . the garden patio in the back is a really cute space to sit in the evening if the weather is nice .
very good . hostess squeezed us in before reservation . thank you ! had skirt steak and corn . absolutely delicious .
we are visiting francisco , so we decided to stop at fable . we order the charcuterie board and the prosciutto was greenish prosciutto should not look gray , green or blue in color . this indicates the meat has spoiled . we as well , ordered the fried egg and the bread was old , the mac and cheese balls were full of oil and not even mentioning the wine . besides the bad food , we also saw a rat in the garden . we had a really bad experience . i hate giving bad reviews but this time i had too . awful food at extraordinary prices .
not a good burger . do not pay the for this burger . not good , not an quality burger . not even going to lie , i have had some of the best burgers around the world . i make sure the beef i do eat is sustainably sourced and certified humane . but fable burger was seriously a disappointment ! i am not even going to lie . they put mcdonald looking patties together which you could tell the beef was extremely poor quality , and they made it look like a cheeseburger you would get at a ball park or something . it was extremely disappointing ! and to top it off they add shredded lettuce to there burger . who does this to a burger ! ! and there bun was dry , almost stale feeling . come on guys . it is horrible . it was the worst burger i have ever had and usually i am pretty nice and understanding when it comes to restaurants cause i myself work as a server in a restaurant so i know standards , food standards . dissapointed . outdoor patio in the back was chill , good vibes , great server . but dude , skip the burger ! i need to come back there in the kitchen and show you how to properly make a burger . especially if you are selling them for a piece . source your burger ingredients at a better place ! extremely lacking .
really amazing brunch at this great castro spot . looks small , but they have a really cool back patio with trees , large tables with bench seating and across the board great service and super delicious food . with our big group , we basically tried everything . really great pancakes and french toast . super luscious quiche and cheeseburger was also respectable . perfect spot , great and friendly service and easy reservations . a bunch of picky kids from to we are all satisfied .
back in the day , la luna pieta one of the best restaurants in the neighborhood was here , with its beautiful outdoor dining patio and amazing food . a friend and i went yesterday evening , hoping to recreate the experience of long , wonderful , boozy dinners . service was excellent and friendly . but the food while reasonably good was a tad uninspired deep emphasis on meat . the only vegetarian option was a very good vegan lasagna , which was even better as a leftover lunch . the mac and cheese side was also pretty amazing . the caprese salad looked a bit listless and made me long for my own homegrown tomatoes and basil . no cocktails , alas ! having said that , i would definitely recommend this place and will definitely be back !
what is not to love about this place . the recently redid their patio and it is such a great outdoor space . the food is fantastic . my new favorite place in the city .
had the most amazing time at fable ! their newly renovated patio is perfect for a summer dinner with friends . everyone that works there were so nice and not to mention the food was out of this world ! i highly recommend the salmon and vegan lasagna , so yummy ! oh and do not forget to order the peach cobbler and lava cake , still dreaming about them ! cannot wait to check them for brunch !
friends and i came here excited for our first dining experience since the pandemic . we made a reservation for brunch beforehand there was even hiccups with this but when we arrived a waiter came out and unapologetically announced to us and all the other diners that they had run out of food ! i get needing some time to get back into the swing of things but they could have offered something since we had made a reservation and even spent time waiting past our reserved time . i am sure the food is good but the service and how they handled this could use some work .
the reason i am not leaving a star review was because of the disappointing service recently when having brunch with a friend at fable . i would characterize the wait staff as dismissive and lacking enthusiasm . i think they could do a better job of not overbooking their restaurant so perhaps their staff would not be stretched so thin . particularly now in light of covid . the food and outdoor patio were splendid .
so excited to see the doors open again ! the service was great and the vegan lasagna was even better . yum ! one of the managers , i believe his name is remy or ramsey ? came in and checked on our experience and that was truly appreciated . i provided him honest feedback and he was receptive , i can only imagine how difficult it must be to reopen a restaurant with these new rules and regulations on top of eager foodies , like myself , dying to go out and eat ! see you next time fable !
wow i am really impressed ! i came here with my boyfriend for his birthday dinner , and we ordered the halibut and lamb . they were both delicious ! i especially loved the halibut ! the pesto that came with it was probably the most delicious and generous pesto i have ever had ! the fish was super fresh and tender . the lamb was cook so well that it was falling off the bone . we did not even need to use a knife to eat it ! so deliciously tender ! i highly recommend this place !
it has been a while since i last visited fable , but i remembered they had a pretty great patio so we headed there for brunch to try our hand at post pandemic dining . this place is bigger and better than i remember and it looks like they may have used the time off to completely redo the patio space . looks beautiful with a ton of plants and heaters and the staff bent over backwards to take care of us . had the chicken sandwich and green goddess salad sp ? and both were amazing . highly recommend !
i miss the chilaquiles ! all the food is delicious ! only thing i regret is not making a reservation to sit in the patio . definitely coming again ! favorite brunch spot in sf !
this place is amazing ! great food , great service , and a beautiful ambiance . definitely have to stop here when your in sf . we will be back !
after months without dine in service , i am so pleased that my first experience back out was pure perfection ! the food was delicious , beautifully prepared , and had excellent vegan options . the service was extremely hospitable . our server , ramsey , was timely , attentive , upbeat and it is impossible not to mention that he looks like he walked straight out of a calvin klein ad . lastly , the ambiance is to die for ! the outdoor patio is a lush botanical oasis that makes this restaurant unlike any other . i cannot wait to go back !
this place is an absolute joke . we booked an advance reservation for for the first night of outdoor dining re opening in francisco . they say us at a table for , right near the door , with a huge draft and no heat lamp . we got up and left without eating . total incompetence .
preface this by saying that i was a tourist in sf and my friends were searching for a casual but still chic place to eat in the mission district . most places were packed to capacity friday night , but we managed to get a table at fable . very lucky ! we ordered wine . a few bottles , service was very good , and the overall ambience is classy . the outside seating was even nicer . i had the vegan lasagna even though i am not vegan . it was delicious . most of my friends got burgers , that seemed to be the most popular . my other friend got the chicken dish . overall , recommend . if you are in the mission district , this place will not steer you wrong . i can see this place having a wait usually though .
i am glad this restaurant is still able to open during this pandemic . great location and nice patio . however , the food is mediocre and expensive . do not get the burger , it is not good at all . it seems that they went to mcdonald and brought the burger in the table . two small patties and kraft american cheese on top . come on guys ! french fries super hard . for a total of ! i have never written a review , but this time i am very disappointed .
this place is so beautiful the patio is perfect to escape the city streets . i was excited about the brunch menu , but on wednesday is was not offered . the food was great quality but the menu options where just so boring , sandwiches and salads , really boring but i understand the simplicity . the service was good . i hope to come back for brunch one day .
whenever i am in the area , i always come here because i know it is going to be good . their menu is relatively small but what they do make , they do very well . i had a ceasar salad with grilled chicken and it was so incredibly good . this restaurant , unlike another restaurant that i may have mentioned in one of my previous reviews , actually knows what grilled chicken is and how to make it . the salad had generous amounts of chicken and slices of parmesan tossed with a light lovely dressing . we were a party of six and everyone loved their meals . my only criticism would be that they need another restroom . they presently have just the one and there was a line the entire time we were there . not so much fun .
i know this is a weird and difficult time for all especially restaurants but i want to give a shout out to fable to go . my husband and i had their homemade vegan lasagna last night and it was amazing . even if you are not vegan , i highly recommend this dish and it feels good to support a neighborhood restaurant .
it is very average . brunch did not live up to the hype . the menus paper were sticky and the experience simply leaves much to be desired . i phoned ahead to see how i could make it special for my friends birthday , and they said they could not help me . it is a pity also that they do not make more of their great name by interlacing some intrigue to their dining experience .
what fable has going for it is that it tries to be an upscale american bistro in a neighborhood that is lacking in modestly upscale options , especially when compared to places like the mission or the financial district . i made a meal of two appetizers , paired with wine , and it worked fine for me . the dungeness risotto crab balls were fried just perfectly and were quite tasty , cleverly blending the heavier risotto with morsels of lighter crab meat . the dijon crusted pork cheeks , while listed as an appetizer , worked just fine as an entree substitute . it came topped with lacinato kale , apple , crispy shallots , and cider vinaigrette , all of which completed the ever so slight crispiness of the crusted pork cheeks quite well . service was unobtrusive , if even a bit absent , even though i was here super early and the restaurant was empty . i would not mind coming back to try other items on the menu .
i came here for happy hour with a few friends , and it was amazing . it was so cute , and they had a pretty good happy hour . we did not stay for real dinner so cannot comment on that but highly recommend if you are looking for a spot with a great vibe .
food good , but not exceptional . i would rate star . unfortunately , the stars . is directly related to the management changes . i came in on tuesday night . there were other parties seated inside . i asked to sit at a small corner table that seats two and has a bench . i was told no , they were holding for larger party . i was then placed at another table with seating for two . i was not happy , but settled down to eat my meal and call it a night . fast forward an hour later . i am almost finished eating and another couple comes inside . the black lady in the couple asked for the same area i had requested earlier . now since there were two in that party , i assumed they would be seated where she requested . no , they were told it was being held for other reservations . ! there were three empty tables , in that section . the whole time i was there . no one came in for that table . the section was not closed because there was one group that was seated in section . when i arrived when i left . this type of discrimination is ridiculous ! this new manager was not aware that i have been a regular fable for years . unfortunately , this is the different manager since i have been eating there . disappointing experience .
nice atmosphere in the outdoor patio out back her lamps ! not a lot of veggie options but i had the vegan lasagna and it was tasty .
you come to fable for the back garden ambiance . food is great , drinks are good . recommend brunch with outdoor seating .
a year later and this place still feels like a hidden gem even though it is right on castro street ! the mac and cheese , vegan lasagna , salmon , all great choices ! very friendly and professional staff .
i have been a regular for years but i am done . was the only person in line , asked for two burgers to go and the host said no . you can only order online . but i came all the way here and my workmen are at home waiting for lunch . sorry , go home , order , then come back . uh , no thanks . that is stupid .
my experience was more like a star rating . they got my order wrong and it took a long time to make it right and overall i was not thrilled with the dish . the table next to mine also had a mistake with their order . i am not rushing back to go to this restaurant again . it does have a great outdoor space , thus the stars . the potatoes were also dry .
i have been coming to fable since they opened . it has been consistent and delicious ever time . while many of the proteins remain the seasonal influences always keep me coming to try the new ways they are prepared . last night i had the pork chop with radish and peas , saut ed in bacon um , hello yumminess ! the warm and inviting interior is a bit bohemian , just enough to be eclectic but not overdone . the interior is small , which i like but when the weather is right the back patio is a romantic setting . all in all , i love this place . i will keep coming back , enjoying the food , the atmosphere and the feeling as if i am dining with friends and family .
we were seated on the patio by the kitchen where they completely forgot about us . took minutes to order , and more than minutes for the food to come . after flagging a waiter down and asking about our order , he told us the kitchen was backed up but will check . minutes later our food arrives . i love pancakes , but this was the soggiest ever . why ! because it probably sat on the counter with all the syrup toppings for a good something minutes . i stopped halfway through because it was not edible . bill came to including tip for people . never again .
this is the good stuff ! amazing food . beyond gorgeous patio area . great brunch menu . the chicken sandwich clearly made to perfection . crab benedict delicious as well . cool little find in the castro . great service as well
we came to fable for brunch with some friends when we were in town , and it was a good thing we showed up for an early brunch around am by the time we had left about an hour later , the entire restaurant was packed . there is not a ton of space inside , given the narrowness of the restaurant , but there is an outdoors seating out back that probably doubles or close to doubles the seating capacity . however , on the day we were seated outside , it was chilly and rainy , and despite the covering , my chair was still relatively damp to sit on . and despite multiple requests to turn the heating lamp over our table on , it was never successfully done . so we ate quickly , largely as a result of being a bit on the chilly side . the service was alright , even though our server must have been new our orders were slowly and fastidiously detailed in the notebook . as for the drinks was not that impressed . the non wine selection is quite limited , and the strawberry margarita on the brunch menu was quite light and served with way too much ice , making it more diluted than i would have preferred . the brunch menu is pretty standard , and i did end up liking my dish a reasonable amount . i went with the french toast done on a baguette , and while i was concerned that the edges of the bread might make it hard to either cut into pieces or chew , it is not an issue once you load it up with butter and syrup . that said , the flavor and depth of the toast was not better than your typical brioche style french toast , and the generous heaping of blueberries kind of got lost in the dish . the side of bacon i asked for for a measly extra slices was overcooked and looked like diner style fare , i . . cooked some time ago and left out to get too crispy . my wife felt her quiche was only okay . i can say that the french fries here are a good way to satisfy your appetite , though they serve a generous portion of them with the chicken sandwich which our friends split . overall , i was a bit disappointed with the meal . i would not mind coming back , but with so many other choices and being an out of towner , i would probably make a point of visiting somewhere else for brunch before making a return visit .
amazing brunch , beautiful ambience in the back deck , courteous staff , and just a wonderful all around experience
fable is gorgeous and with the dark wood decor and overhead fairy light type bulbs , this place could very well be a romantic spot . it is cozy and breathtaking . i am glad that i took the woman i am seeing there . there is ample seating areas and we were thrilled to eat in their back patio area . i got the double cheeseburger while my date got the southern style fried chicken sandwich . the double cheeseburger came with fries that were crisp and the burger itself was cheesy and every bite was better than the last . my lady loved her fried chicken sandwich and i have to say , by a glance , it is colorful and appetizing . it came with a kind of slaw that included fresh veggies and the chicken was moist and tender . both were good dishes and we cannot wait to try other things here .
decided to go here for a mother day dinner with my pops and we were very impressed with both the halibut and duck . we paired it with a bottle of the sauvignon blanc and really enjoyed our meal . we did have reservations for a friday night because this place can get busy . we were able to sit in the nice patio too .
there were of us . we ordered among other things , the salmon , a hamburger , and the pork chop . we ordered one salmon rare and the other almost raw . one salmon came nearly well done and the other was an overcooked , shriveled up mess . burger was over done . do not come for the food . service was pleasant but haphazard . ambiance was the best part of the meal . we felt pretty safe in a covid dining world .
good food , great staff , but too small . there is very little room to sit comfortably . and forget using the restroom if a waiter is taking an order in the walkway . people cannot pass at once in this smallish restaurant . but other than that its a nice place to eat in the heart of the castro .
perfect outdoor seating for brunch on a sunny sf day . i like that fable takes reservations and can accommodate big groups . this seems a bit rare for sunday brunch in the castro . everyone in our table of enjoyed their food and large selection of brunch cocktails . the blood orange mimosas were a hit .
great service , food and ambiance make this establishment a delightful destination . the garden is glorious on a warm night . i had the ricotta stuffed squash blossoms and they were to die for ! desserts are really yummy too . vegetarians and vegans have nice options . it was the first time i have seen a vegan lasagna on a regular restaurant .
so my wife and i had our first date here and we try to come back every year . i am so glad they are open again . fantastic wonderful great way to spend new year eve
always fresh , always interesting , always extremely satisfying is the reason i visit fable season by season !
this has definitely become a go to dinner spot in the city . i love the location . quietly tucked away in the castro and have you seen their garden in the back ! . the greeting and service has always been warm and friendly , and the service staff know their stuff about their food and beverage . so far , i have had the pot roast , mani mani halibut with risotto , mac and cheese and burger ! the food was so delicious with generous portions . i want to come back and brunch in their beautiful garden . cannot wait to be back !
wanted to really like fable . the decor is cute the service totally depends some of the waitstaff are super friendly others not so much . food is okay . for some reason i thought it was more vegetarian friendly .
i really love this place . the back patio is really magical especially lit up for dinner , and the atmosphere is really friendly and i have had wonderful interactions with staff every time i have been there . the wine selection is small , but varied and usually quite good . the food is also almost always quite good i would really recommend both the pork chop and the duck breast . i do not think the food is quite up to five star snuff , and the menu rarely changes . but it is a wonderful place for dinner and the ambiance is five stars and then some !
solid stars all around for fable . i came here for brunch lunch on a sunday afternoon and the place was surprisingly empty . my friend had reservations , but it clearly was not needed . there was no line sign up sheet near the front of the restaurant . walks in are definitely welcomed because i saw a group just come in and get seated immediately . this place is quite spacious and their backyard patio is the place to be during these sf summer days . i luckily did not have a problem bringing in outside beverages aka my iced americano from reville although i did finish it before ordering so not sure what the restaurant policy on outside beverages is . anyways , to the food ! i ordered their peach prosciutto tartine with the side of salad and my friend ordered the pork belly benedict and their french toast . the tartine dish was recommended by the server and it was not a bad choice at all . fruit was refreshing and went well with the side salad . i wish the bread toast portion of the dish was more thinner to make cutting the tartine easier , but nonetheless , the dish was pretty good . i did not get a chance to try the french toast , but it looked pretty good to me . they offer their whip cream and syrup on the side for the fresh toast , which in my opinion , is smart so the customer can control how sweet they want the dish . the server was friendly although a tad forgetful . he forgot to bring out one of the beverages , but overall service was not bad . their brunch lunch selection is also limited so do not expect the wide variety of brunch dishes that other restaurants typically offer . i cannot really gauge anymore on what is considered expensive pricey in sf anymore since everything seems to be . for the tartine was not too bad , but it definitely could be priced a bit more fairly . portions was fair enough for me , but maybe not equivalent to a dish . i would still put fable down as fairly decent brunch place .
i came here with a big group on a weeknight . we were seated in the back patio , and while it was a windy they did have heat lamps in the back . service . really slow and the waiter kept forgetting items that we had ordered . my friend ordered a wine and we had to ask twice . my other friend ordered a coke but he brought a sprite . food . of us ordered the braised rabbit on pappardelle , shishito peppers , and mac and cheese to share . it was not that busy , but it felt like it took an hour to get the food out to us . when it did come out . all three pappardelle pasta plates were slightly hard and undercooked . it took so long and we were so hungry we did not bother to tell them to fix it . on the other hand the mac and cheese that we all shared was fantastic . i wanted to like this place but it missed the mark for me . would not be coming back .
came here for the first time tonight and was highly disappointed . we sat in the back patio garden which was great . too bad the service and food do not match the ambiance . we waited quite a while just to get a drink order even the lady next to us who was seated after us got service before we did . my wife ordered the salmon with zucchini carbonara and i ordered the new york strip special . my wife enjoyed her dish although the sauce was more like broth . my steak how ever was less than desirable . i ordered it medium rare and it came out well done , no pink at all . i let the waitress know when she finally showed up and she just said oh i will get another one . by the time she returned with a new steak i had sat long enough that i was full from the potatoes that came on the side . during our dinner no one ever came to refill water or ask us if we would like another beverage . when my new steak came out it was extremely rare . luckily i was full so i did not need to eat it . the waitress never came and asked if the new steak was cooked right or if we enjoyed our food . no apologies for the first steak , just all around terrible service . before we left we heard her telling the other tables there was a new special and they were out of the steak . if only we had come an hour later i may not have had a terrible dinner .
loved the ambiance , the food and exceptional service in this uniquely beautiful place ask to be seated outside the patio when it can be accommodated .
super great place it is a must try sit at the counter great food fun place to eat . felt like you could sit and enjoy yourself
great little brunch spot in the castro ! beautiful patio , great food , all day , friendly service . highly recommend !
went to fable the other night with my girlfriend and enjoyed every bit of our meal . the service was terrific and the food was exceptional ! will be going back again very soon to try some other dishes !
a fable . once upon a thanksgiving , invited brlff for breakfunchnner . food coma ed out while waiting completely missed their visit . that weekend i had an idea great mish brunch , my treat . then firearm shopping . yet overslept and thus rescheded . very next morning , in a drizzly , empty castro . online brunch de rezzes . tronfood . friends . finally . said goodbyes near muni . bus collided with the bus stop . out of service no passengers . some other way to get home . the end
the food is usually really good here . and , there is a nice , comfortable patio . but , on my last visit , my experience was ruined by a snotty server who was bitchy and dismissive , and whose condescending attitude was served up instead of the specials of the day . we had to stop him to get our order , hail him when the time it took to get our meals became excessive , and ask about specials , etc . there was no effort to sell us anything . that ought to be of concern to the owners , whom , i would imagine , invested in this restaurant to earn revenue . this not my usual experience here , but it is sometimes what happens when servers are left without management oversight . had someone been keeping tabs on our table and the server , this might not have been an issue . it is really not that hard to treat people well , pay attention to the details and ensure staff are on top of things .
first time coming to fable , best food i have had . cute back patio , dog friendly . definitely coming back !
fable is one of those places that is hard to rate on a simple five point likert scale like yelp , simply because some things were so five star and other things , just , were not . the location , perfect . easy to find , right on castro street , hidden quietly amongst sex toy shops and pizzerias right in the middle of boystown . the aesthetic is precious . i cannot think of another word , it is just precious . definitely lives up to the whimsical name . the back patio which requires a reservation , is a little garden paradise , something straight out of the set of a tolkien adaptation . i cannot think of a nicer place to spend a boozy brunch . but that is really the list of amazement , for me . the server was not doting and attentive as one would expect of a nicer establishment . he sort of had that slightly irritable castro temperament that the clubs are becoming known for . he seemed like he would rather be somewhere else , and he seemed like he would just as soon have us go eat elsewhere . lacked charisma and was certainly not overly friendly . detached , maybe , is the best word . the menu read well , we were excited by many of the offerings , everything sounded delicious . the food came out and while the presentations were fantastic it looked like something from a magazine . the flavors were just . i do not know . standard . nothing particularly special about my chicken sandwich , and my dining companions benedicts were , likewise , pretty aesthetically pleasing but average fare . so it is gorgeous , a bit pricey , the servers need more training or charm school , and the kitchen staff perhaps needs more attention from the lead chef ? the place has promise , really it does , but it went from walking in excited to walking out disappointed .
the food was okay , but considering the price and that the food was simply okay , not even good , i feel it only deserves stars . we got the little gem romaine hearts entree and matching bottle of wine . the salad was quite plain nothing too exciting . ingredients were fresh . we then got a main each vegan cannelloni and lamb shanks . the lamb shank was well cooked and tender , but very plain , lacking a sauce or gravy . the cannelloni was also very very plain . portions sizes were not generous . we were not full , but not starving . although not that hungry , we both felt the need to eat more food when we got home as we were not satisfied . very dissapointing considering it cost around . our friends got the meat loaf and said that was lovely .
great ambience and food , especially when it is hard to find good food in the castro . cheeseburger was cooked perfectly and not overly messy or greasy . wife had the chicken and it was cooked perfectly . great presentation and flavors overall . wine selection is excellent too . definitely would come back to try the other dishes and deserts
beautiful patio , delicious food , fabulous service ! i made a reservation for dinner with my mom for an early dinner . we got there right after opening and the staff were charming and accommodating . they let us turn the heater outside way up and did not mind when minutes later we sheepishly asked them to turn it down because we would over done it . they had wonderful recommendations . the caprese salad was amazing i super picky about which tomatoes i will eat . dessert was great too . everything felt seasonal and fresh . i am definitely looking forward to trying brunch next time i go .
very good food , we ordered the rabbit and it was very well cooked . we also ordered the duck off menu and that was better than the rabbit . great atmosphere and good patio in the back ! selection is not too big the patio could accommodate a small group .
my husband is a real talent at scouting out tasty spots for dinner when we travel . this gem was no exception . fable is unique it is outdoor courtyard in back could be gimmicky in some dining locales a necessary distraction from poor service , hodgepodge fair or both . not here . the courtyard was the perfect setting for the great service and fantastic cuisine . i would definitely recommend requesting the patio whenever you come here . it is zen like atmosphere pairs perfectly with the exquisite menu . i had the pork chop perfectly cooked with a savory charred taste . the potatoes gratin were very tasty . the chef cooks at an open kitchen you pass on your way in . the perfect way to find out what you want to order . a few important notes seating outdoors has ample heaters and cover there is a well kept manicured garden adjacent to the dining area . if you make a reservation , make sure to ask for a seat outdoorsthere is no bar it is beer and wine onlythere is no real waiting area to unwind before you get your table . there is only one restroom that i saw it is shared between men and women . the night i was there , it was on the messy side . here is a real kicker if you sit on the patio , you must surrender your alcohol at on the dot . this is an law i am guessing . they will warn you in advance .
our first time dining here , our meal was epic . stars . i had the melon salad with chili vinaigrette . my brain exploded . i . have . never . i then had the four cheese mac and the corn with shishito peppers , tomatoes , and butter . i wanted to eat forever . we finished things off with the coconut cream cake and berries . lemme tell you , when we renew our vows , i am having this cake made for us . it is heaven , in the castro , and it seriously lit my heart on fire . our second time here , everything fell flat . maybe it was a different chef ? please find the guy that created our first meal here ! please , find him and pay him a large sum of money to teach all the other chefs how to elevate their game . gotta give em stars for lagging the second time
there were two , now three favorite eateries we can go to in the castro . i would have to say however , fables by far is the best in years and would consider them choice for . what a fantastic meal we had . we came to celebrate an intimate birthday dinner for two , and what we received was more than their scrumptious and excellent meal , we were treated by fable signature , excellent , first class , world service ! we even got tickled pink when the gracious staff kept bringing our new utensils from a cute basket . the owner eric host and along with his staff , they are just wonderful . recommendations , their duck salad was just fantastic . their grilled lamb and pork chops , all we can say , wow ! cheers and enjoy !
best patio ever ! really good atmosphere and amazing food ! the only reason why i did not give stars is because the menu was so limited for a sunday brunch . there were only about options on the menu for a full entree . but everything on the menu was great . this is a really good spot for a group brunch , but make a reservation . sit on the patio for sure , because its beautiful . all of their food is really good . i got the omelette with sausage and gruyere which was soooooo good . the potatoes that accompanied it were perfectly cooked and seasoned . everyone in the group i went with ordered something different and there were complaints . bloody mary and seasonal mimosas must be flowing the entire time .
my sweet hubby made reservations for my birthday dinner . he saw there was an outdoor patio area with heat lamps rare in sf . we had an early dinner reservation . i am pregnant so i appreciate an early dinner , possibly a second dinner around , then resting . we started with the crab cakes soooo good ! one of the best i have ever hadi ordered the pork chops i had to get it well done . it came out perfect . tasty , was not dry at allmy husband ordered the burger the burger was out of this world ! the meat was perfectly seasoned , buns crisp . delish ! mac and cheese side of course ! it was just . i had a couple of birthday cakes at home waiting for me so none of the desserts were calling me . overall , a great birthday dinner in the castro !
my friend and i arrived right at opening for dinner and was warmly greeted by staff . sat right at front window for happy hour . service since we were one of the only patrons at the time , service was great . drinks bundaberg guava soda i liked it . tasted like light guava and perfume . persimmon ginger shrub tasted like kombucha . a bit sour and tart . there was a small fly in my glass , but i did not notice until i was nearly finished with the drink . whoops . food ricotta stuffed squash blossom wow ! this was so delicious . the crisp , light batter was very well balanced with the delicate texture of the flower and the subtle lemon pesto flavor of the ricotta . must order ! sauteed baja shrimp with crispy polenta sticks also very good . the polenta was perfectly crisp on the outside and fluffy soft inside . i appreciated that the shrimps still had their heads on because that is the most flavorful part . the body of the shrimps would good but just ever so slightly overcooked . vegan lasagna my friend ordered this and i was very pleasantly surprised . very flavorful with dimensions and textures . i am not a vegan , but i would order this myself ! halibut with mango pico de gallo thick cut of excellently pan fried fish with humungous butter beans . unfortunately i felt this dish was under seasoned . could have added more of the mango pico de gallo in order to give more flavor . overall , my friend and i enjoyed ourselves here and would come back to try other dishes .
this restaurant was very cute ! nice staff , good food ! i had the organic chicken breast and the mac cheese and it was very tasty . the dish was also very well presented . highly recommend to come to this restaurant whether you are on date night or outing with friends . . also had dessert and it was delicious
came here on a saturday night for dinner with my friends and had a fantastic experience . we were greeted warmly upon arrival and seated at a cozy table . our server was so awesome and friendly i did not get his name but he sported a long ponytail we were all starving and ordered appetizers baja shrimp with crispy polenta sticks , ricotta stuffed squash blossoms , entrees orders of vegan lasagne , pork chopssides mac cheese , frieseverything was delicious , especially the lasagne . i am not even vegan , but would def reorder next time the venue itself is cute , cozy , and maybe bombs for loudness , which was nice that we did not have to shout at each other all night . think there is outdoor seating as well ? net , this place is a thumbs up and will return !
made an easy opentable reservation for brunch on a weekend . overall was not too impressed unfortunately . things we ordered orange mimosa delicious ! we all really enjoyed this . smoked salmon brioche for almost this was sort of a rip off . there was barely any salmon and the best thing on the plate were the potatoes . they were super crispy and flavorful . duck frittata , not much duck but tasty . our server was really friendly and it was not a bad meal , but the price for portion of food just was not worth it .
first visit and very impressed . sat in the garden patio in the back of the restaurant . there are heat lamps and lights , and overall a very relaxing and romantic ambiance . went on a wednesday evening , so not a lot of people which contributed to immediate seating and faster service . the pork chop was amazing . cooked perfectly and very flavorful . onion rings that come with the dish add a nice crunch to the palate . i will definitely be returning sometime !
great food in hidden garden . heaters always keep you warm and toasty . garden is beautiful . food is upscale comfort food .
according to wikipedia , a fable is a succinct fictional story , in prose or verse , that features animals , mythical creatures , plants , inanimate objects or forces of nature which are given human qualities which illustrate or lead to an interpretation of a moral . yep , that sure sounds like the castro all right , where naive visitors are constantly surrounded by animals of all species , mythical and not so mythical creatures , inanimate objects that come to life with a little vodka , and when the clubs close , genuine forces of nature . but i digress as this is a fable of a different genre . it is a succinct , decidedly non fictional place where appetites remain of a human quality that may or may not lead to a moral . fable is a bit on the pricey side , but the menu is mostly scrumptious photo bit . ajqzb which probably accounts for the number of young , smartphone adhered foodies waiting against the side wall for an empty table . i got lucky as a solitary diner who was able to secure the closest seat at the counter to the host station . i was a bit in the shadows , but that did not seem to affect the service level much . even though i was almost lured by their daily special of deviled eggs , i decided to try the dijon crusted braised pork cheeks . they were a tantalizing trio of fried goodness covered in lacinato kale , crisp apple , and crispy shallots , all of it drizzled with a cider vinaigrette photo bit . . very unique flavors that were a bit on the sour side . perhaps to compensate for the pig factor , i went to the other extreme on my main dish and ordered the vegan winter vegetable lasagna , which turned out to be quite tasty even without the ground beef i had come to expect thanks to all those years of stouffer frozen entrees . it was made with spinach and butternut squash with cashew cheese and macadamia ricotta faux cheeses that were pretty darn convincing dairy doppelgangers and a thick tomato sauce photo bit . . accompanied by toasted wedges of rustic bread , this was quite a hearty serving of goodness . patting myself for such a healthy selection , i paid the price by ordering the pear and ginger crisp , a hefty cobbler festooned with walnuts and dominated by a large scoop of straus vanilla ice cream photo bit . . completely undeserving , completely devoured . it was a comfort dessert on steroids . chef hearnsberger even came out to serve it to me , a personal touch i appreciated considering how busy they were that evening . so fable is not a fable in the literary sense , just a culinary treat for all you inanimate objects in need of a moral lesson like stop being such a glutton when you already had two courses . sheesh . food stars . eclectic dishes with culinary pizazzambiance stars . cozy , a bit too much but still a relatively comforting spaceservice stars . attentive staff all aroundtotal stars . there is a moral to be learned here . give me a minute
last night dinner fable cool place . food is . our was the tuna tartar , crab cake and brussels sprout . the special duck was tough cooked medium well . the seared tuna was nothing wow and definitely their special persimmon drink is a no . the drink taste like the persimmon might have been spoiled when they made it not knowing . anyway the service was great and they gave us free dessert to sing to our girl kathy for her bday . overall star because everyone there was so nice from the hostess , waitress to their kitchen staff .
we were not big fans . the pork chop and the cioppino were so so . ambiance was nice but did not wow us . service was acceptable . too bad firefly was closed for the night . that was the original choice .
we came for brunch . i likely will not return . the bread appetizer is good . the omelette was delicious ! the potatoes were cooked well but not seasoned at all . the eggs benedict was average . there are no lattes , they only have drip coffee and whole milk . no reduced fat milk , no almond milk . this is a deal breaker for a brunch spot . the service was not great . the server seemed uninterested and was far from friendly . the food was pricey for what it was .
this place is a little gem ! came here for valentines day and shared the prixe fixe valentines day menu . first off , the location is prime right in the heart of castro , and it is a cute little hole in the wall . when you walk in , there is a long walk way with the bar and some tables you can even see part of the cooking from the bar , which is cool ! at night , this place is lit in a cutesy and romantic sort of way . lucky us , got seated in the beautiful hidden patio in the back i mean damn , all the points this place is sexy . despite being a chilly francisco night , the heat lamps back there really keep you super warm , comfy and cozied up to your company . plus , while i did not get a pic , there is some sexy lighting between the string lights and some fun light up letters along the wall . surrounding the patio is some luscious greenery as well as you can see , i really cannot get enough of the aesthetic . first corse butter lettuce salad golden beets , blood orange , goat cheese buttermilk dressingrefreshing , butter lettuce is such an underrated lettuce . the golden beets gave the dish a ton of color and i personally have a thing for blood orange where i think it is just the best thing period . the dressing was mixed in and not too overpowering , keeping the dish light and refreshing . we nixed the goat cheese , as my date is not a fan sun choke soup celery , onion , carrots , heavy cream , sun choke chipsgeez louise , this was amazing , like i am drooling on my keyboard as we speak . it is so simple ! but whatever the helluva combination they created , it was perfect . also the sun choke chips . where can i buy a bag of that stuff ? recipe testing for this starts stat . main corsebacon wrapped fillet rainbow carrots , asparagus , huckleberry and red wine reductiona thick filet , wrapped in smoky bacon , this was the filler of the meal . cooked rare , how we usually like it , though i should have asked for black and blue because i definitely could have gone for a little more rare . the huckleberry reduction was a nice touch , and everything was seasoned really well ! pan seared salmon mash potatoes , green beans , aged balsamicyou do not know a perfectly cooked salmon until you have had a perfectly good salmon at fable . crispy skin and fish that is flaking like you are cutting through pudding . this was by far our favorite so simple but really just a delectable dish that is classic and you cannot go wrong ! dessertseasonal sorbetswe have a thing for sorbet , as in any and all the time , it is a good choice for dessert . there was a scoop each of raspberry , peach , and i think lemon ? do not remember too clearly but it was a perfect palate cleanser and digestive for all of the food we had . cream cheese panacota thyme , fresh raspberry , raspberry iglaseremember the comment earlier about cheese ? guess my date did not notice it here ! haha , i actually am not a fan of sweet cream cheese sorry cheesecake . but this panna cotta was not too cheesy . it was creamy , melt in your mouth goodness and not at all heavy . the raspberry cut through any sort of overly cheesy flavor . while this was my least favorite , it was not bad at all . service here was perfect take recommendations from your servers because i do not remember what wine i had but we had real and good champagne , and a glass each of a dry white and a red , all per recommendation and they were great with the meal ! what i really liked was that it was not too rushed and i feel like the server came back at the most perfect times which i definitely appreciate for a date night ! highly highly recommend , especially for a special someone . next i will be back for brunch !
we were looking for a great place to kill hunger pangs , and yelp pointed us to the castro . the neon sign hanging outside lets you know there is a garden patio in back , and it is worth checking out ! i will let the other reviewers give the details on the food drink , but we were really pleased with our choices . the chef and owner , , is famous for his cioppino , and it was worthy . mussels , clams , fresh crab , salmon and a large diver scallop in a savory red broth had me fork fencing with luci . for last bite . there was a vegan entree that looked appetizing , but we did not check it out . the standout entree of the night , however , was the chicken ! amazing and one you would not easily recreate at home .
i had the quinoa bowl during brunch with yes , very healthy haha . it is a cute theme , with animals from fables portraits on the wall . nothing memorable enough to make me come back , but it was a nice spot to visit ! the food was good .
nice backyard patio for that sunday brunch . service was quick and staff made the experience even better .
my best friend scooped me up for our brunch date with our other good friend , kanako and she made reservations at fable . our booth table was located in the gorgeous back patio under the shade . our server was helpful and friendly . i ordered the frisee salad with bacon on the side . i did not want to order anything too heavy . it was a good time spent and i loved being at fable !
i cannot believe it has taken me so long to finally come to fable . nina invited me here for her birthday brunch . it was a stormy francisco day week so around am there was no one else on the back outdoor patio where of us were eating . my only critique about fable is that they tried stuffing so many of us at so few tables and got upset when we added one more table to the end . i understand wanting to make more money with more customers , but make sure your current ones are comfortable ! anyways , i ordered the eggs benedict , and my boyfriend got the dungeness crab omelette . both were so freaking delicious ! would recommend both . fable is of my favorite sf brunches of all time , i would say . the potatoes were especially well done . perfectly crispy and not too battered . the mimosas were served in carafes instead of having a bottomless option , which i personally like because i promised myself never to do bottomless mimosas again . overall it was a good experience for me . i love love love their back outdoor patio area feels kinda tropical as well as their food . conveniently located near my home , i will definitely be back here again .
place is really excellent for brunch gathering with friends . cute patio at the back . mimosa was delicious , but the food wasnt mind blowing . still recommended for a weekend brunch hanging out with friends
came here for sunday brunch and had a lovely time ordered the fantasmic , let me repeat , fantasmic , burger get all the fixin cheese , bacon , fried egg . do not . skimp . ya wimp . the fried chicken sandwich for brunch was also delish aioli and yummy cabbage slaw on top . slightly pricey but great portions and flavorful savory food . yum .
we had a reservation for and were seated at a non desirable table between the doorway the service entrance , many servers thumping behind us constantly . the entire peaceful patio directly in front of us was empty , so we asked to move to one of the empty tables . . they checked . our server comes back and says no , we are gonna stay here , but do not worry you are gonna like it . us you mean we cannot move to the empty tables even though we have a reservation ? . server nope , no tables available for quite awhile us but we have reservations server sorry . us , well we are not with this table , so i guess we are not going to stay server really ? the restaurant had just opened , was nearly empty and we had reservations , but they could not accommodate us at our reservation time . i have had one service experience like this before and it was in the soviet union in late . well , that was a bummer . nice patio , decent food , but for effort in accommodating a party of with a reservation .
this place is amazing ! the eggs benedict is great , great combo of textures and tastes . the quiche was alas amazing . we got a side of banana bread to share which was perfect . the patio was beautiful and they have heat lamps so it does not get too cold . we also brought our dog and they had no problems with it !
i wanted to go to dante table since i heard great things about it . so i went up the street to fable and decided to walk in and try some of their foods . for dinner , i ordered the pork cheeks and the duck breast . the pork cheeks came with some kale , apple , and crispy shallots . it was delicious . the cheeks were nice and tender on the inside , but the counter point of the kale and apple was great . something i truly enjoyed . i ordered the duck breast special . it was a duck breast with farro , fava beans , and some raspberry sauce . the sauce and raspberries was interesting , but not the most complementary thing you could have with it . but then after a few months , after getting stood up by a first date brunch date by a guy who doesn feel our chemistry via text commence the eyerolling now , i decided i needed a treat and came to fable and try out their patio and brunch . instead , i sat in the patio and decided to order a pomegranate mimosa and the omlette . the mimosa was nice and the omelette was delicious . it was filled with chorizo which definitely made me choose it . there were some other people getting drunk nearby , but it is not too bad . not too many loud drunks . overall , i really had a great time and the food is good . service was great as well . protip sit in the patio !
i went here with my wife . the first sign that something was wrong was at the front counter the half empty tall can of la croix in my wife hand was not allowed in , because they are apparently so desperate for money that about a dollar of sparkling water warranted holding us up from our seats and making us dispose of it . well , screw them . i took it from her and chugged it right there . we were not particularly hungry that night , so we got a risotto , shishito peppers and some squid with beans alongside a big bottle of pellegrino . the peppers were generic and slightly salty . the squid and beans were tasteless and overly chewy , and we had to spritz it with some lemon and douse it in salt to make it edible . we chewed on the squid long enough to really sit there and appreciate the terrible music . we waited about twenty minutes for the risotto and when it came , two completely unremarkable scallops and a single chunk of pork belly garnishing a tiny slurry of rice , it was more or less tasteless , though there was a hint of bitterness in it and at that point , any flavor at all was welcome . it is bland food , and they are desperate for a reason . do not feed the beast walk a handful of yards down the street and find something better .
amazingly good short ribs and peach cobbler with blackberry ice cream . this little restaurant is a pleasant surprise in this neighborhood with a wonderful outdoor patio in back of the restaurant . reservations are recommended , but they can accommodate walk ins .
overrated place . food , but no highlight for that bunch of money . one starter . two glass of wine two plates i think next time we will not come back sorry
i will never eat here . i called in because i was looking for a place to have brunch this weekend with bottomless mimosas . the guy that answered the phone was very pretentious . when i asked about bottomless mimosas , he said , oh no . we cannot give up tables for that long . we are too popular for that . other places that are not as popular have to do bottomless mimosas to get people in the door , but we are just to busy for that . we do not have to . soubded very snobby and seem like a place i would want to go to anyways .
on a recent brunch , we were seated and fed quickly . it was a nice surprise ! the food was good , the mimosas were on point , and the service was attentive . well done . i am a fan of the cuisine and the ambiance . the service is attentive the wines are great . so what is not not like ? how guests are greeted . in the castro , which is casual , it is harsh to be greeted with , do you have a reservation ? it is irritated more than one person that i have known to have dined here . the way it is asked always seems to come across as douschy . and people who have also been there have agreed with me . it is to say to someone asking to be seated if they have a reservation , but to be asked that as the very thing when you present yourself at the host station . rubs me the wrong way .
our favorite restaurant in the neighborhood . hip and fun . love the the menu . interesting dishes , perfectly prepared . beautiful ingredients . the special is always a good choice . sitting at the chef counter watching items prepared in the open kitchen great for people . we have gone with larger groups too and it is always been a fun and quality dining experience .
fable is a cute little restaurant just popped up in the castro . it is a great spot for a date or to catch up with some friends . someone compared them to frances but that is really unfair because frances adds alot of extra creativity to the menu than at fable . food here is solid , with highlights and low lights . there was nothing particularly exceptional but it was a good dinner , albeit a bit on the pricey side given the quantity . i especially loved the acme rustic rolls , cabernet sauvignon ouch glass , and side of corn super sweet and fresh ! . everything else was pretty good make sure to pass on the mac and cheese .
wandered in here during the pink party with the bf and really wanted to like it . it was one of the few spots in the castro that was not jam packed with a line spilling out the door and i would heard good things . there was not a line but we had to wait for a table . when we let the attendant know that we were fine sitting at the bar , he seated us right away . we each ordered a glass of wine good wine selection and enjoyed the menagerie of characters wandering around outside . unfortunately , they were out of the only special mac and cheese croquettes which was disappointing as it was only pm . instead , we ordered the ceviche and baked mac and cheese with crispy quinoa . both were decent but nothing to write home about . our waiter was a bit curt and it felt overpriced for what it it was . two glasses of wine , an appetizer , and a side came out to over . welcome to francisco .
i am not sorry i tried fable , but i do not think i will return . service was great , we were greeted warmly and had a nice corner table on the back patio . our server was very friendly and gave suggestions and guidance on what to order . the place is beautiful , and the back patio is super cozy and comfortable . prices are high , but not unexpected for the area and the food ideas i say ideas because . our food was pretty meh . other than the squash blossoms filled with ricotta , which were seriously fantastic , everything just seemed to miss the mark in some way . mac and cheese coquettes we are perfectly cooked but lacked seasoning . bay shrimp ceviche was presented beautifully but in a hard to eat out of glass , and also lacked some serious seasoning . lamb chops were cooked perfectly , but served with super dry and under seasoned potatoes . tuna nicoise was beautiful and full of lots of delicious items but the tuna was cooked all the way through . it might as well have been chicken of the sea it was so cooked . really disappointing . again , i am not sorry i tried fable , but i will not return .
incredible , fresh , vegan lasagna features more vegetables than pasta for a great low carb option . the chefs table is a great seat to observe all of the action in front of your eyes ! the aroma of herbs and spices floating through the air from the four create a warming ambiance of culinary delight !
i decided to dine here alone one of the nights during my visit . the meal started on a high note with stuffed squash blossoms . they were remarkably well seasoned and flavorful . the duck breast as an entree , however , was overcooked . in fact , it was hammered . even as overcooked as it was , the fat was not properly rendered and the skin was not crispy . it was underseasoned and so were the potatoes on the plate . the entree left me wanting . the wine is priced at a premium . for a glass of average chardonnay ? seriously ? i tried dessert , as well , and the bread pudding was overbaked with a burnt exterior . it was dry , and it left an acrid flavor on the palate . overall , the meal conceptually was good but the execution was poor .
every girl dreams of meeting prince charming who will sweep her off her feet . i did . fast forward years . i read that prince charming is actually a certified douche . a douche who marries cinderella , snow white and sleeping beauty then cheats on them all . ! was he trying to do a fffm gangb ? ugh . damn you , fables comics for ruining my image of prince charming . forever . thank goodness fable , the new restaurant from an anchor oyster bar and woodhouse fish co . alum in the castro has no remembrance of prince charming . instead , the whimsical dining room with rich cabin woods and orange antler chandeliers has animal portraits adorning the walls . with dim lighting , it is perfect for a casual date . adorable ambiance and cor aside , fable is one of the most solid brand new restaurants i have been to having just opened for less than two weeks . the new american menu is small with creative twists to american classics online menu bit . . the sampling of what we had proved that the food is solid with well balanced flavors and textures . say yes to the bread ! we forwent it which was a huge mistake because as we were leaving , i saw they serve acme rustic mini baguettes . sad pouty lip to get a front view of the action , we sat at the chef counter and started with their special salad of the night , a dungeness crab salad which was crisp butter lettuce nicely dressed with a creamy tangy dressing and topped with generous fresh chunks of crab meat and sprinkled with crispy bacon bits bit . ycee . i am not much of a salad person but i could eat this salad every day . the dijon crusted pork cheeks were mouth watering bit . . incredibly tender , the pork cheeks were flavorful and paired nicely with the slightly bitter kale dressed in a refreshing cider vinaigrette , tart apples , and crispy shallots for a texture contrast . our mains were just as solid as the appetizers except they were both a bit overcooked . . went with the crispy skinned duck breast which could have been a little bit crispier but the flavor was on point with the honey cider sauce giving it a lovely savory sweetness with a touch of tang bit . wfedff . i did not care for the lentils though as i am not a lentils person . my brined grilled pork chop was well seasoned and tender but cooking it medium as stated it was more well done would have made it more succulent bit . xgtd . i loved the kumquat riesling sauce and the crunchy toasted pecans made this dish even more divine close up bit . xuikny . the side of cauliflower gratin was deliciously decadent but guilt free since cauliflower was used in lieu of evil potatoes bit . jekj . no dinner is quite complete without dessert . the pear ginger crisp was sweetly satisfying with tender chunks of pear and crystallized ginger bit . ylrgqx . the scoop of vanilla ice cream gave it that extra layer of creamy decadence not to mention a delightful cold temperature contrast to the hot fruit crisp . the staff was as wonderful as can be . service was very attentive but not overbearing . we were checked on numerous times and even the chef checked in to make sure we were enjoying dinner . nice touch and much appreciated . i am looking forward to the their back patio opening in hopes they offer bottomless brunches hint , hint to the owner . do not worry , i will behave with both my top and bottom on . oh yah , no visit to the castro is complete without stopping by at hot cookie one block away yelp . com biz hot cookie . i bet you prince charming was not packing like that ! giggles
nice relaxed atmosphere . i had an amazing stuffed squash dish that was a nice treat for this vegetarian . i get tired of having boring options when dining out . nice wine pairings . everyone was friendly . we will be back for more .
we had a lovely sunday brunch on fable gorgeous outdoor patio ! i was able to get a reservation for a party of the morning of our brunch , which was fantastic . the food was pretty good ! my husband and i shared the acme french toast and fried chicken sandwich both were quite flavorful without being too rich . our group shared a carafe of the tangerine blood orange mimosas , which were also delicious . the service was excellent , and we found our waiter quite friendly , attentive , and prompt . the outdoor patio , which is covered , was the perfect place to eat on a sunny , warm afternoon . fable was great , and we intend to be back !
i always head to fable when i am craving pork chop . they have one of the most beautifully made pork chop you will ever find in the area it is just mouth watering . however , this dish is not the only delicious meal i have got here . other great finds at fable are their three egg omelette , the rocky chicken sandwich or even their salmon carbonara . i usually do not order sandwiches when i go out to a restaurant but the one i get here is not just a simple sandwich it is as good as some of the finest meals you can get at this restaurant . it is a foodie dreamland for sure ! everything is worth trying here if you are looking for something new . of course , this place comes with its flaws service can be a tad slow at times , and you have to pray that it is not on an evening you are there . prices can be a little hefty as well if you have not been to fables before , but it is worth it !
we had a delicious meal at fable last night . it is the next morning and we are still raving about it . the squash blossom appetizer was mouthwatering and the vegan lasagna was off the charts good . wow ! really nice energy in the restaurant and top notch service .
a truly appreciated departure from the rather icky restaurant choices in the main area of castro , fable is comfy and cozy with a menu that delivers . you will not be disappointed . staff is insanely friendly and accommodating . they are all about their guests and it shows . beer and wine only , but a selection that is just right . the menu changes regularly . i was secretly hoping that they would have mac cheese on the evening i visited . sad pandas , they did not . our meal was delicious and we savored every bite the duck confit salad was lovely . people who say they are weary about duck will change their minds . perfect for sharing the cioppino is some of the best i have ever had . insanely generous chunks of seafood esp crab in broth so rich and satisfying you will think you are eating a king feast tip is pleasantly flavorful and not too spicy sides the roasted squash is undoubtedly one of the the best things we have ever had we recommend getting one order per person , cheese grits are good but nothing mind blowingcan wait to return .
we stopped in for a quick lunch and i was impressed with the quality of the food . i had the vegi omelette with homemade ricotta cheese and it was very tasty as was the fried potatoes that it came with . my son had the crispy fried chicken sandwich and i tried a bite and wow was it good . i would suggest sitting outside in the back by the garden area as it really is a beautiful setting .
mmmm boy , have things changed . we had in the past considered fable to be a place for a good dinner at a reasonable price . not having been in for about a year or so , we decided on our saturday night out , to come in for dinner and were a bit taken back by the prices . the back patio dining has always been a favorite of mine , with the garden area to really make it sweet out there . our server was a hit and then became a big miss . totally lost his game when he had more than two tables to serve , as we were at a table where we could see the other tables he had . lots of mistakes , and missteps . other tables appeared frustrated with him . we ended up getting ignored in the process . too bad . the food was good but i have enjoyed far better elsewhere . and , then the bill came , and we felt it just was not in line with the food and service . there are other places that can compete for my dinner dollars .
nothin fancy , just good food ! i am really excited that i have a place in the neighborhood that is actually good ! i am actually feeling fable ! the only thing i am not sure i care for are the seating arrangements . i mean , the space is really small , awkward , and there are really no great places to seat . but lucky for me and my date , we were seated in that little nook by the window . that just may be the best seat in the house . i highly recommend fable as a great date spot but even better a great alone spot yes , they have bar seating moving on to the food fantastic ! to be honest with you , all i can remember that i had was a beet salad and a stellar entree . i could not tell you the actual dishes , except that they made a vegetarian exception for me that said , they managed to make the food exceptionally fresh , rich with a little extra something that made me want to come back . my biggest gripe is that i walked out smelling like cooked food . not the worst thing in the world , i guess . being that i am only blocks away , maybe i will be back soon with a star update ? we will see !
the bad my main gripe with this place is the gratuitously overpriced menu . most items are inflated . yes , it is hard to make a profit when rent is so high , but fable unfairly passes this expense to its customers . the food itself is not life changing , just average . the service is inconsistent . most recently , my friends and i had a very unpleasant experience with our waitress , who messed up various parts of our order and then proceeded to defend herself , unprovoked . as a consumer , i chose to dine here , despite the inflated prices , but i definitely was not expecting subpar service . unfortunately for fable , this was the nail in the coffin as far as my patronage is concerned . the good nice outdoor patio , muffins , and the fried chicken sandwich are all worth checking out .
fantastic food we had the baguette french toast with peaches and it was delightful ! the service impeccable back patio was a gorgeous little oasis !
excellent food and service . very nice selection of starters and entrees . however the wines by the glass are very marginal .
went here for dinner . the seating area outside was nice . the heat lamps were toasty ! for appetizer , we got the saut ed pork meatballs and the butter lettuce with spicy buttermilk dressing . the salad was great ! for entrees we got the vegan mushroom and leek lasagna and the pork chop . the lasagna crispy quinoa was amazing and a must try ! i will be trying that technique on my homemade lasagna . only downsides were we were given the wrong appetizer at first and our table was wobbly .
totes adorbs . loved it . threw caution to the wind and kicked things off with a blood orange mimosa recommended by waiter . i am on vacation , dammit ! oh yeah , it was delish . for brekky brunchy ? , was leaning toward something sweet and the waiter recommended the french toast . it was like , oh yeah , great . the modest a good thing portion of two slices of bacon was perfect moderate thickness and deliciously crisp , not greasy at all . oh , and did i mention not only is the outdoor patio gorgeous on a sunny spring day , but the interior is outstandingly well decorated also ? well played , fable . well played . . . i totally want the photo of the regal looking leopard avec eye patch and bow tie !
it is a shame that the term california cuisine is overused and misused so much , since i actually love california cuisine . wholesome , simply prepared food showcasing top quality seasonal produce and meats directly from the farm ? sign me up . and fable is the best place in the castro to enjoy it . it is a slice of napa in a small building tucked amongst the rainbow flags . the cozy dining room is nice , but the back patio is simply glorious . the lush garden back there makes you feel like you have been swept away entirely . as much as i adored the atmosphere , it is really the food that makes the place special . i tasted the beet and lentil salad , which one one of the best salads beet or otherwise that i have ever had . the beets were cooked perfectly tender but not mushy . the lentils were light and fluffy , too . the salad paired nicely with a local riesling , which the server gave me a generous pour of . also outstanding was the roasted chicken breast on a bed of potato puree , french green beans , and baby carrots . this chicken was juicy , flavorful , and packed with lots of flavor . the veggies provided just the right textural contrasts . also deserving of props are the staff at fable . these are some of the nicest , most caring people you will meet . i am not a regular , but their hospitality made me feel like i was sitting in their personal dining room . the menu at fable changes regularly , so what you will experience at fable will likely differ from what i experienced . that is precisely why i cannot wait to go back .
this is a fantastic spot for very fresh very tasty food . a little pricey but we totally enjoyed every bite . the starters if bruschetta and the heirloom tomato salad with melons herbs and vinegarette were so so good . hubby had the vegetarian lasagna and i had the chicken breast with pane cotta and tomatoes . really enjoyed our meal .
my sister was visiting from out of town and we made a reservation at fable . we were very impressed with the service at this restaurant . it was not too busy , but the interior was romantic . definitely a place for dates and the like . they are a beer and wine only restaurant . they have a heated outdoor area , which is lush with greenery . we opted inside , but on pretty sf days , i would sit outside ! we got the lamb and the pork . it was cooked to our liking and the bottle of spanish red wine we got was delicious . price point is fair and parking is just normal sf street parking free after pm . it is easy to pass since they do not have an obvious sign , but easy to google map and get to . i recommend this place !
came here for brunch . fable is a sizable restaurant with a bar area in the front and an outdoor area towards the back . i highly recommend sitting outside if the weather is decent it super cute and has a bunch of heaters if not , though . we had the pork eggs benedict and the blueberry pancakes , each with a side of bacon . friends got ice tea , which our waiter made sure was always full ! all the food was very solid and service was very prompt !
this was one of the more enjoyable dining experiences i have had in recent months . this had nothing to do with the food or the service being mind blowing , but because in the first time in a long time , i could hear and have conversation . we were seated in their beautiful back patio . there were plenty of heat lamps so even on a cold evening it was very comfortable . our party ended up staying there for three hours , and this had nothing to do with the service being slow . our server was perfectly attentive , and food came out in a timely manner . we just all were enjoying the setting , and the fact we did not have to scream at one another just to hear one other made for the perfect evening . at one point , we noticed we were the only table left in the patio and thought they might kick us out soon . my only wish is they would be open for lunch during the week . this would be the perfect sunny day lunch spot . they are open for brunch on the weekends so those of you with monday through friday schedules , i would highly recommend checking it out .
i had high hopes for this place , but it just misses the mark . fable is found in the heart of the castro . surrounded by cool shops and other interesting store fronts . why did this place come up short ? fable is primarily outdoor seating . it has a small indoor seating area , but the majority of the tables are outside . this proves to be a little difficult weather wise in francisco . we went on a cool evening , without knowing that we would be seated outside . while they had heating lamps , it still was not enough for the brisk francisco nights . so , if you do decide to come here , definitely layer up ! as far as food goes . i hate to say it average . needless to say , the appetizers are actually pretty good . we had the risotto crab balls and the pork cheeks . both were decent . nothing to really leave a lasting impression in your mind . the pork cheeks will remind you of that pork belly that you have had many times before . the risotto balls are exactly what you think they are , balls of rice with shredded crab , no surprise here . on to the main course , i had the soft shell crab dish , which i think is seasonal . that was pretty good also , but again nothing to really wow me . however , the biggest problem for me was when i tried my family dishes . the salmon , pork chop and chicken were all dry . i am do not claim to be an expert in food , but when it is dry , it is dry . it is the one taboo that you do not do with fish and poultry . the combination of ambiance problems and food just really gave me a bad impression . maybe it was an off night . i could see going during the hot summer and ordering different items could change my perspective , but in a city with so many great options , i cannot guarantee a second chance will come for fable .
the manager asked us to leave our table . unacceptable at a restaurant , especially given the timing explained below . i ate at fable a few weeks ago with a few friends . our reservation was made for , and we arrived on time . we ordered appetizers , entrees and drinks . the food was alright , but nothing to write home about . we finished eating around at which time they gave us the check without asking us first . we paid the bill within a couple minutes . then barely minutes later , a manager came and asked us to leave because he needed the table because people had been waiting minutes . at that point , we would only been at the restaurant for about minutes , which is not a lot of time for a multi course meal . this is all ignoring the fact that the restaurant clearly double booked the table . this was extremely rude , and unnecessary . we would have left within a few minutes after that . i would not suggest this restaurant to another diner .
this is such a cute lunch spot in the castro , it has a beautiful back yard seating area that is awesome to sit in while eating lunch !
came here for brunch on a saturday with some friends . we were originally planning to go to kitchen story but made reservations at fable the day before as a backup in case . so glad that we did ! kitchen story line was crazy so we casually strolled over to fable where our server was super friendly and accommodating . the food was so good and fresh . i had the eggs benedict and the eggs were running and perfect . we sat outside under the covered patio and it was a great time ! i wish they had all you can drink mimosas but we probably paid less for pitchers of mimosas instead of everyone paying an all you can drink price . the mimosas were also very fresh and delicious . i would definitely come back for brunch again and would like to try their dinner menu sometime as well .
always love coming back to fable . the food is delicious , staff is very friendly and makes you feel like you are at home . the layout is very cost and the patio is awesome on a nice warm day .
methinks fable is the top neighborhood food spot . food ! service atmosphere hokay , so the dirty deets first things first , our waiter was the realest . on top of being the classiest of sirs , he was incredibly charismatic , funny , and wait for it so helpful . he was like our menu guru . we trusted him entirely to lead us to most delicious of foodstuffs and it paid off . pork cheek something or other was just generally foodgasmical , the salad was on par with chez panisse . the real dinner don even remember which animal it was carnivoreproblems items were mouthwatering . fo real . my personal favorite part of this hub aside from the grade a waitstaff was the fact that the garden is gorgeous . it feels like you are dining in a fairytale . seriously tho flowers and green plants everywhere , oxygen overload , super nice heater lamps to keep us needy people warm and lots of california sunshine sunsets to warm up your dinner . i am in love with their backyard . dunno why humans would choose to sit indoors sit outside in nature people ! it is amazing . i admit that the price is up there i think it was like each for meals and a shared app but oh so worth it . you feel human when you walk out and it was so nice to have a meal that was just that darn good . these people care about doing food right , and it shows tastes ? . i am incredibly thankful that this gem of a restaurant set up house in the castro . we are oh so lucky to have it .
great food , great service . a local selected fable for an early dinner and we were chose to sit outside which was beautiful next to the garden but a bit cold , though they had heaters still worth it for the atmosphere . our server was friendly and funny . she suggested fries with our mussel order . we were not thinking of fries but we took her advice . look , i love my food and only problem with her suggestion was we had to place a second order because they were so good . best chips outside london and that was not the best part of the meal . the mussels were great and the sauce was clean and tasty , hint if you like to dip their great bread in the sauce , order extra bread . halibut . fantastic . vegan lasagna . fantastic and i normally hate vegan . i like to complain as much as the next guy but other than the cool francisco evening , i cannot fault the place . i will be back !
i have been here times now , and i am planning on coming back again and again . it is a nice francisco spot to bring friends to . the service has been good every time not always remarkable but good enough and the ambiance of the place is also great . then . why only stars ? , here are my concerns food is not consistent . it depends on what you order . it may be great or just . i been lucky so far , but my husband was not as lucky as i was the kitchen does not have enough ventilation or something like that after having dinner here , i have to wash all my clothes and have an immediate shower as i smell like i myself was cooking food . i love that they change the menu very often . that is a great sign of fresh produce coming into the kitchen to create fresh and seasonal dishes . i have not had the chance to eat at their patio , but i am looking forward to it , it looks just lovely !
stars rounded up deja . we created memories in this space patio once before , in its prior life . its newest incarnation , fable , got mixed reviews from us . i will give you both sides , so you can decide if the new american joint is worth a looksie . salad with dungeness crab was not too exciting . components seemed to be kind of random pistachios and oranges ? cannot say i approve of chef pick of ingredients . we both ordered cioppino , which i thoroughly enjoyed garlicky not too sour , save for shallow portion of broth . do not expect a deep , heaping bowl . boatloads of white fish , crab , mussels , clams , a giant scallop . no fishy smell or aftertaste , which is what usually deters me from ordering seafood . before even taking a bite , he commented that he could not believe we were paying so much for something we could have made at home . i told him i expect a homemade cioppino dinner tomorrow night . doubt i will get it ! we could not resist their dessert special dulce de leche mousse with creme fraiche smoked sea salt . i enjoyed the flavors semi thick consistency . he was not amused , likened the glassful to jello . i do agree that their execution leaves something to be desired , but flavors were a . there are many yummy sounding dishes on their menu , but i do not think we will be back because his final remarks were , it called fable it is a lesson learned . never again ! yikes . the bill tip did nothing to endear him to the place .
although the food was excellent , i would not recommend trying this place on a sunday morning for brunch if you do not have a reservation . we waited for a table for for over minutes , never got a table even after other groups who came after us were sat , and finally we asked if we could take the empty seats at the bar . only then did the host inform us that we could have sat there the whole time . service was so so , very kind servers but it was so busy it took a long time to order our food , then get silverware , then coffee , then finally our check . cute and yummy place but too expensive for the service offered on a sunday .
we ordered southern style chicken sandwich and buttermilk pancake for brunch , for each . unfortunately , neither of them made us happy . the pancake was flavorless , with banana and cream melted in the pancake , which made it look kinda gross . that fried chicken was not very flavored either . worst of all , their coffee is prob of water . very disappointed in the food . stars for the little garden .
you know when you are waiting for your food and everyone around your party is being served ? couples come in after you , they order , then eat and leave , while you are still waiting ? when this happens , all you want is some acknowledgement from the waiter that things are amiss . you want to hear a simple apology for the delay , and maybe have him bring that water you had asked for twice . our waiter was indifferent at best . he was hostile at worst it was difficult to tell for sure . he mostly ignored us . after an hour wait , the food came . my friend french toast looked good , but the salad i had was pretty bad . none of the food justified the prices .
i have dined here multiple times in the past few weeks and there is a very good reason for it . from the quality of the cutlery to the amazing richness of the locally sourced sustainable ingredients in the food , fable is an absolute delight and a treasure . the outdoor segment of the restaurant is full of beautiful plants and flowers and feels like a miniature wonderland buried in the midst of the bustling castro st . it may be unfair to call fable a hidden gem , but it is definitely a gem . brunch is worth having twice , even in the same sitting and is imminently affordable . dinner is a spectacular treat and the bisque is divine . every item is prepared with care and will leave you wanting more . even the leftovers in my fridge the next day felt like a luxurious experience and if that does not say enough , i am not sure anything will .
tasty vegan dishes but overpriced . we paid each for two vegan cannolis , expecting to be full , since is expensive for a vegetable only meal , but were disappointed to find that the portions were about the size of an appetizer , not a main dish . while the food tasted great , it was not amazing , and was definitely not worth the price tag . we went for some cheap food nearby afterwards to supplement the inadequately sized tasting meal . my wife was not happy with my choice of restaurant for our date . moreover , the service was noticeably slow the whole meal took minutes , even though we were only eating for minutes . we spent a good deal of time trying to get noticed by the wait staff they were friendly , but did forget the drink my wife ordered . the ambiance was incredible and the rotating menu evidenced high quality , fresh ingredients . it is too bad fable could not have had better value particularly for vegans .
i cannot figure out why more people are not going here ! we had a wonderful dinner on the patio with some out of town guests . of us had their steak garlic butter and person had the duck . all entrees were prepared well and tasted great . we shared desserts bread pudding , chocolate mousse , and ginger pear cobbler all delicious , though we decided that if there had to be a favorite , it would be the bread pudding . service was excellent and the garden is a lovely place to have your meal . i will definitely be back .
chef is gifted ! a small venue , conversationally comfortable and warm , with farm to table food crafted by a deft kitchen . i enjoyed my dinner very much . thank you .
hostess and wait staff aoife was fantastic . i had an omelette and it was and the potatoes really had too many that were too overdone and not edible . i know restaurants go for crunch potatoes but they need to be edible
sean . review from still holds true the server mateo wasn doting and attentive as one would expect of a nicer establishment . he sort of had that slightly irritable castro temperament that the clubs are becoming known for . he seemed like he would rather be somewhere else , and he seemed like he would just as soon have us go eat elsewhere . lacked charisma and was certainly not overly friendly . he definitely ruined the experience for me , and i will not be going back . the only above average piece of food we ordered was the special pork belly pasta . the pork belly was cooked perfectly , with the fat melting in your mouth and the pork so tender . the noodles were edible but not great . all other dishes fries , soup , cesar salad , lasagna , fish , and steak , were all edible , but definitely not worth the price .
this place is just stunning ! i did not get an appetizer nor desert . the entree i had was lamb , i had the la honda red wine to accompany my meal . very few times have i had food that has been so detailed . i just knew it from the first bite , there was someone in the kitchen who made this food with soul and purpose . i tasted art , it was not just food . the flavors , textures , and aromas was beyond my expectations . it is a place to go for a intimate meal with a loved one . the night felt perfect , between my date and my meal , my heart almost burst . i will come to this place often for such occasions .
dinner with my bestie on a school night . the restaurant was quite pack for this evening . my entree was the grilled leg of lamb with rosemary . it was a savory and satisfying dish . i love my lamb and this was a good dinner dish to quiche my lamb craving . service was great and attentive . with a small and changing menu , i could come here often and try something different every time .
delicious food . cozy atmosphere . prompt service . i had smoked trout salad and bread pudding . that was tasty as hell !
beautiful garden , but just food . my boyfriend moved into the castro recently and i was helping him get settled over the weekend . i am a brunch addict , so come sunday morning we did a quick yelping for restaurants nearby and landed on fable there are not too many options in the immediate area . there was no wait and most tables were empty at around am which is kind of odd for a star place in sf . anyway we were led through the small indoor space to the garden patio in the back and i was surprised by how gorgeous it was . the host was very nice to turn on the heater for us , and brought our drink orders quickly service and ambiance were great for sure . the food , however , is just mediocre . the brunch menu feels kind of limited , and the prices were not worth it to me because i found myself thinking that i could make half the things myself at home . i ended up getting the steak benedict and my bf got the coconut pancakes . both decent , but not note worthy . the steak under my benny was thin and a little tough , and the toast underneath got soggy pretty quickly . the potatoes were bland . the pancakes were also kind of soggy , albeit the flavor on them with the pineapple was unique . overall , i think this is a decent place to stop and soak in the ambiance , like maybe sit for a coffee in the morning . but i think i would go around the block to find a more satisfying brunch experience next time around .
cute , casual , and non pretentious . perfect setting for a fun date night ! the food is your standard new american style deliciousness . unfortunately for fable , this is something that other restaurants in sf do really well , so it is hard to stand out . the menu changes regularly , presumably due to the need to jump on the local farm fresh movement . this is what we had on the night we went mint tartare with scallop and avocado . actually , the scallops were supposedly the main ingredient , but the mint was so strong i could barely taste anything else . sauteed rock cod with creamy risotto . so rich , so delicious , and so filling that my date had to finish it for me after he devoured his . pork chop with bourbon honey glaze . nuff said . chocolate mousse with caramel whipped cream and chipotle sea salt . despite not finishing my entree , i somehow made room for this and almost single handedly finished what was supposed to be a shared dessert . oops . one thing that threw us off was that we had to order all our food at once because the kitchen wanted to pace our courses for us . which we found strange , because by choosing our appetizer first while we ponder our main entrees , would that help with the pacing ? also , the wait staff could not seem to charge the right amount on my date credit card . first , they overcharged him . then , they undercharged him . for the record , this meal , with two glasses of wine and a diet coke , cost without tip . i would call this slightly overpriced for something that is supposed to be a casual dinner , but maybe i have not been in sf long enough to think this is completely reasonable .
soooo good . and cute . the patio is so charming . great place to dine . we started with the pork cheeks which were amazing . also the duck liver pate . with pear . which was fantastic . my favorite . i had the salmon . it was incredibly delicious . told my husband a million times i think i make the best salmon in the world . this rivaled my own so know it was amazing ! . my husband got the pork chop . i did not try it , but he said it was fantastic . wine was great , the service was great . a must try in francisco .
such cute backyard ambiance and delicious food . went here for a friends birthday brunch of about and the service was wonderful , recommended !
it felt like having a home cooked meal . home cooked meals where i live are very good . the portion sizes were generous . vegan beetloaf was good , though the sweet potatoes in the dish tasted like it had tarragon , which was a little strange , and strong . the pork chop was boneless , juicy , and tasty . there was a brussel sprout side special with pork belly . it reminded me of eating caramel popcorn , though a bit more savory than sweet . it was a bit greasy . i do not remember what salads we ordered , but i remember thinking they were good . good wine selection . the viognier that was supposed to go with the beetloaf was out , so i went with a californian chardonnay instead . in hindsight , i would opt for an italian white instead , something with more tang to balance the herbs in the dish , though i did not know the beetloaf would have so much herb flavor . the wine pairing with the pork chop was excellent . we had reservations and were seated on the patio . it was a very windy day and the heaters were on full blast . as the wind settled down , the heaters were turned down . the staff was on top of it . i guess i had higher expectations based on a previous review containing magical to describe the garden . the garden is not magical . but it is very nice . might have been more magical if the seats were interspersed with the plants . they were not . the patio was more spacious feeling than inside . we did not sit inside , but walking though felt like going through a corridor with tables and chairs lining the walls . for the evening , the garden had some lights , but it was not spectacular . with the wind whipping , the need for wearing jackets while dining since we were seated closest to the wind , and the garden being just a garden with nice plants lit here and there , the whole experience was okay . i kept wondering if sitting against the partition on the patio would have been nicer . it seemed customers sitting there were warm and did not need jackets . service was good . no complaints . when we arrived just before , the place was almost empty . but by the time we left , around , almost all of the tables were full . friday night . we will probably return since we live closeby and it is nice to have someone else cook and clean .
my new favorite restaurant in the neighborhood it is taken me a while to get there ! i have had brunch and dinner there several times in the past few weeks , and the food is delicious and the staff is so welcoming , friendly and accommodating . if you are there when they have the seasonal crispy stuffed squash blossoms the ricotta cheese stuffing is made in house and is ridiculously good ! , you must order it ! make sure you reserve a table in the patio area it is so inviting and cozy !
i was really impressed with my entire experience . we were greeted warmly by the host and opted to sit outside i suggest you do the same , if the weather supports it . the porch out back is expansive , the garden well manicured and lit with strings of cafe lights . of note they have ample propane heaters , should you find yourself there on a chillier day . we were asked a couple of times if we would like them adjusted , which was a part of the cordial and unobtrusive service we received from matt . he was great . while it is not a very inventive menu , our selections were all well executed remoulade salad , roast chicken , rabbit ragu were all solid . the chicken was perfectly cooked done through , yet still tender . we shared a chocolate mousse for dessert , which , for me was the highlight . the smoked sea salt was a great foil to the sweetness of dish . if you are looking for a drink cocktail , you may be disappointed to find fable is beer wine only . aside from that though , there was not anything else we could have asked .
the back patio is great . i like to start with the positives before i give negative notes . of us liked our dishes and the others did not . the meat temperatures were not cooked as ordered . they were also out of the first two items i ordered from their already small menu . the real problem here was the service . they were slow to seat us we had a reservation , they were slow to send a server and take our drink orders , the food took over an hour to arrive , and the server rarely checked in on us to see how our dinner was . i will not recommend or return here .
we ate here in late june during gay pride week end . the place was packed with very happy patrons . we had reservations and they needed to create a top in the walk way for us . i do not remember what we had , but we all enjoyed the food and the wine selections . more staff would have been nice . we enjoyed our server , although she seemed a bit stretched .
very weird place . it was hard to get a table even though we had a reservation , then it was impossible to leave because no one would bring the check . host was strict and unfriendly , sat us at a communal table with a toddler after making us wait for minutes past the reservation time . food was pretty meh , same goes for the bloody marys . pretty much the perfect example of why i hate getting brunch in the city long wait for a sub par meal . . . the server was super sweet , so the stars are really just for him .
food . takes . center stage . this francisco castro district restaurant earns its place among a handful of notable and memorable restaurants in the district that deserves recognition . from the moment the reservation was made , throughout the dining experience , and upon exiting this restaurant , this establishment assembled a well run core of hosts , servers , kitchen staff , and of course the head chef that delivers exceptional service and thoughtful food . each guest was made to feel important in the choice of entree selected . servers anticipated and communicated any challenges guests encountered and acted promptly . very few neighborhood restaurants deliver , fable did . this will certainly be a return trip with friends and family visiting from out of town as i like to feel proud that francisco rivals other cities for diners seeking an appetite for classical and well prepared entrees . well done !
once upon a time two people did not make a reservation at frances and decided to come here instead of waiting in line . they had the pork chop and the pot roast , and while both were good , neither were just right . food here is good , but not all that memorable . normally when i see stars on yelp , i expect to be blown away . i either expect a food orgasm with every new dish or an incredible value for my money . fable sadly offers neither . i have definitely had better for this price an entree . three stars for good but unremarkable food and another star for decor and ambience . it is a cute place to bring a date , but given that there are so many great places in sf to eat , i do not think i will be back .
atmosphere and food was great . i had the pork chop and my fiance had the shrimp and mac and cheese appetizers . we were both please .
lovely little place ! the service was phenomenal . our server was very knowledgable and friendly . when i ordered the pan seared chicken she gave me a heads up that it would be a minute wait , but well worth it . she was right ! loved the entire experience from start to finish . thank you to the staff for a great date night .
only because of the rude host on sunday , june in the late afternoon . we set up a reservation via open table and arrived to a stressed out host . he barked at us to move back to the front door then the cooks started making excuses for him saying it was a very busy weekend ! no , duh busy everywhere ! but this was the only place the host was this unwelcoming . then he walked us to the table to also again be rude ! strike two . i told my other half lets get the heck outta here . was a great weekend and we were not going to let this dude ruin it . we went to beso and much much better greeting and service . i hope the owner of this place reads this . but like many others will probably make excuses on yelp rather than reaching out to me directly . all good . i can spend my coins elsewhere .
i had such high expectations but everything was very average and i ended up skipping dessert which is definitely not something i do often ! started with the caesar that received a lot of hype but even with the fresh crab , it was still just lettuce , shaved parmesan cheese and average dressing . where were the croutons ! my date got the pork belly which was again but not something spectacular . i actually enjoyed the kale more than the pork belly . as for mains , we ordered the chicken stuffed with spinach and cheese and the fresh fish very average and despite walking in really hungry , neither of us finished our dinners and decided to get dessert elsewhere . maybe it was an off night but i have a hard time recommending this fable with nearby options like frances .
yep . your eyes are not playing tricks on you stars from me for fable ! we went for dinner on our first night in fran and had a wonderful time . i had the dijon crusted pork cheeks as entree and the crispy skinned chicken breast for the main and they were both amazing . for dessert , i had the chocolate mousse whipped cream and it was well , for lack of a better word . quite simply orgasmic . i am still thinking about it now and the pork cheeks as well ! fable serves modern american dishes and their prices are quite affordable the service is great . they are quite busy so be sure to make a reservation prior to going .
fable is one of the few sunday brunch places in francisco that takes reservations , so that already makes them a winner in my book . i recommend asking for a table out on the back patio . it is a bit small , almost as though this used to be someone house , but there is a darling garden in the back with butterflies fluttering around . i got the southern style fried chicken sandwich with spicy jalapeno lime cabbage which came with fries actual fries , not that silly home fries stuff . it was very filling and a great blend of flavors . the jalapeno lime cabbage added a kick but did not have me chugging water or sweating bullets . service was great . our waitress was very attentive and helpful to the indecisive bunch in picking a great dish to eat .
new best restaurant in the castro ! i have been counting on some restaurant veterans to open a neighborhood restaurant in this area . fable , you have answered my wishes . i have come down here from the hill twice in weeks made me the on the dukedom list . onto the food , i ordered a vegan grilled beetloaf yes beet loaf due to my weeks meat hiatus . for someone who never had meatloaf in my life , this dish has impressed me a lot . the beetloaf beets , flour and lentils ? is nicely grilled and very flavorful . the color of beet is very appetizing . the dish comes with spring onion and garlic mash potatoes , grilled asparagus and tomato sauce garnished with cilantro . they do rotate one vegan dish on the menu mushroom shepherd pie , etc . dessert menu is simple yet sinful . it encompasses everyone all time favorites . i have tried their apple crisp with dried cherries and vanilla ice cream heavenly . not on the menu is strawberry shortcake you can see shortcake biscuits at the counter bar . biscuits , fresh strawberries , and a lavish crown of whipped cream make us want to come back again . only weeks into the business and you have pleased so many customers . five stars for food , service and ambiance . this is definitely my new go to restaurant .
went there right after they originally opened and a year and a half later and owners were as appreciative and attentive as on our first visit . great menu , food quality , and atmosphere .
expertly cooked pork ! although , i would have to admit that i hope it is certified for trichinae as they leave their pork chops a little pink in the middle for juicy tenderness , they of course tell you this before hand . also , love love the meat knives , sharp and elegant .
i cannot say i have had a better mac and cheese ball in the years i have been here except at merrill restaurant in oakland ! i have finally found another place to have that . as an aside , everything they made here was delicious ! we came to celebrate our friends at a brunch here , and the little back patio was reserved all for us . it was beautiful , and spacious and the service was top notch ! our plates were cleaned without us even noticing , the bar hostess was so sweet and quick and i feel like we had a dedicated staff member just overlooking us . the heat lamps were on since it was chilly but it made it perfect . the only ding is that they only have one bathroom , which is to be expected in a tiny sf place like this , so no big . i just had a great time and i could have eaten more but was so stuffed from delicious quiche , chicken kabob , mac and cheese balls , quinoa salad , prosciutto melon cheese baguette , sorbet oh my ! cannot wait to have someone else host something here . and on a sunday , parking was a breeze we parked a block or two away , but a walk in the sunny castro made up for it . all around loved it !
really nice food , amazing outdoor patio . chicken sandwich really tasty , but the toast with peaches was a hit in our party . best part was service we were a large party and two kids . they let us stay for as long as we wanted , even though we were all over the place . thanks so much for being so accommodating . this is a place to go .
i have been to this restaurant last saturday with one of my friends visiting from france . seriously ! how can we serve that kind of food in a restaurant ! the food has been served on our table minutes after the waitress took the order which is usually a bad sign . my friend ordered a rabbit with pasta . ! i feel bad for him . the plate looks ugly . the pasta were thick and not cook enough . the rabbit looks like someone had vomit in his plate . i think i ordered lamb with a risotto but it does not look like lamb . the risotto was over cooked . i eat the meat as i was starving . my friend told me that he was sick after this dinner . on the top of that , they seat us in the first room . it was super cold . we kept our jackets and we were still super cold . my friend paid the bill and we left the place . the bill including the wine was above . i will never go back there and i am still surprise to read reviews with on yelp . there are many good restaurants at reasonable prices in the city . why wasting your money in such a place ?
a minute walk from the castro street muni stop and you are at the fable restaurant . pay close attention , as like us , you may walk right past it . once inside a subdued lit , eclectic , intimate interior welcomes you to the friendly staff who greet and seat you . during our visit there was immediate seating without reservation , but truth be told , this was a wednesday night and not the weekend where i am sure it is a different story . they have a dining patio that looked very inviting for warm summer evenings though i am not quite sure when francisco would actually see those . many members of staff checked on us through the evening in a good way not over crowding and they were very willing to accommodate slight modifications to the menu when dietary concerns were raised . the food is very delicious , though in my humble opinion was a little pricy for what you get . yup i live in the midwest where plates are big and so is what is on them . fresh and flavorful is the name of the game here . now i understand why they left a spoon by my plate for the salmon dish . i made sure to scrape up every last drop of the sauce as best as i could . this is a great spot to come for an intimate celebration or a dinner for two . best of all it is casual dining yes i hate dressing up just to eat . what is the point ? . definitely check out this spot .
we were walk ins and were seated at the grill with a party of five . it was perfect . we were on the corner and could see each other and communicate well ! best part . we could share our excellent selections . highly recommend starting with a pancake appetizer and the blood orange mimosa . great service . well done all !
i went here on saturday night and will not be back . my dinner companion and i split the squid appetizer . the pieces of squid were not just charred they were burned to a crisp and had an oddly peppery taste . they were served over a layer of cannelloni beans , with no seasoning at all . the entrees were no better . my companion double burger was served so well done as to be inedible . no one had asked what he wanted for temp . my fish halibut was overlooked and dry served with a bizarrely large pile of bland succotash . our side dish of mac and cheese was over cooked and dry . our waiter seemed to notice that we had left quite a bit of food uneaten but made no comment . with one cheap bottle of wine that we split , we each paid plus tip . this is way too much for what we got .
i am always excited to try a place when it is new . i heard about fable and made my reservation for a friday night around . we were a little early and were seated right away . the location is convenient and easily accessible at the upper end of castro . the atmosphere is pleasing . they used the current trendy slate grey with taupe coloring . there is a mural on the long wall . orange antler horn light fixtures add a pop of color . the bar cozies right up to the kitchen , which is where i will sit next time . the staff was very pleasant and attentive and our waitress was great on suggestions and knowing the menu . now the food . it was not trendy enough to be interesting or simple enough to qualify as comfort food . it was tasty enough but not memorable . the restaurant is new and the menu may develop itself . one exceptional point however was when our plates were picked up , the owner , eric , came to our table to ask if we did not enjoy the macaroni and cheese . we explained there was nothing wrong with it but just not to our liking . when we received our bill , which was very reasonable , the dish had been removed from our bill . that is customer service . when we left , i made a point to express to eric that his action was exceptional customer service . it is apparent that eric is passionate about his restaurant . i can appreciate anyone that loves something that much and makes an effort to make it an exceptional experience to the best of their ability . i intend to come back if nothing more than to watch them grow as a local restaurant in the castro and to show my appreciation for eric .
this place is just amazing . food is always delicious and the service is always excellent . this place can get pretty busy so i would recommend reservations .
really cute back garden , good food . yelp posts my review as a tip of its not long enough so making this longer i use reviews as reference
adorable setting and back patio . the staff was helpful and wine pairings were great . salmon was house pasta with house italian sausage was excellent truffle fries were good pork chops with apricots was amazinglove the setting , and staff . will definitely be back !
great local fare , the service is really friendly with a great attitude . had the caprese with heirloom tomatoes to start , then the best pork chop i have ever had in my life . some of the best food in castro so do not miss it !
this place was amazing ! i went for brunch with friends on a saturday and we loved everything . the back patio is gorgeous and relaxing with heat lamps that make it very comfortable but not too hot . the pancakes were fluffy , omelette was cheesy , french toast baguette was decadent , and the fried chicken sandwich was incredible . not to mention the awesome mimosas ! i will definitely be going back to check out dinner .
dinnersolid . our party of arrived promptly for the reservation . i have to give the architect at mcmahon the credit for making this space so beautiful antler light fixtures , warm apple green wall , cabin wall paper , an an open kitchen . we were seated against the wall right behind the kitchen . the table to be honest was a bit crammed as three of us squeezed in . ambiance fine and intimate . we tackled the american style menu with quite some gusto . for appetizers , we enjoyed cream of cauliflower soup served in the perfect temperature , not too hot , but enough to warm you on a cold night . the chive and cummin added a kick to the very creamy soup . beets and goat cheese in parchment beautiful concoction . roasted walnuts crispy , and i always love leeks . braised pork cheek this is heavenly ! served with diced granny smith apples and a cider vinaigrette . cheek cooked well and tender , but never stuck in your teeth . nice balance of sweat and salty flavor . for entr es we had duck breast fat is rendered very well in this dish . sweet and savory . crispy skinned chicken my friend kept voicing his appreciation of the dish . thinly crusted chicken breast served with a sweet potato puree . pork chop thick , plump and juicy . pot roast cooked well in cabernet sauce , the meat melts in my mouth salmon crispy on the outside and juicy insideour server was friendly , always checking on us but not intrusive . along the meal we had a bottle of ne red . the most lackluster item would be the bread , a bit tough and stale . also for a fine dining restaurant , i recommend fable to consider linen napkin instead of the paper . fable is a fine addition to the castro restaurants and i can see this place do well there . patio is under construction . i was informed it will not be up running until september for indian summer brunch . dinner for
thank you fable for helping elevate the castro street restaurant scene . like your delightfully charming sister , anchor you are a welcome staple in our neighborhood . loved the grilled asparagus , the duck confit , and had trouble resisting the delish salted butter bread . my husband had a pork loin he enjoyed along with some tasty grits . we were able to score a seat at the bar with no wait without reservations on a thurs night but there were folks waiting in line right after we were seated so i would encourage a resi if you can . every seat was filled consistently . the hosts , waiters , chefs were all friendly and engaged with the guests . i loved how they went out of their way to keep people waiting comfortable , whether that was pointing out their future table and how long they would expect the wait to be , or offering them wine while they wait . loved the new look of the interior , a definitely step up from luna . dark , cozy , and warm vibe . they have got a new cake made of parsnips everyone seemed to enjoy . we loved the apple crisp with a nice glass of tawny .
this was our favorite place to eat from our entire trip to francisco ! great ambiance and customer service . the food was delicious ! highly recommend !
the shrimp ceviche special and chicken was great ! the staff accommodated our group of without reservations with ease . everyone in my party enjoyed their entree salmon and strip both also got thumbs up .
i came here with a friend after work who had heard good things about this place . we started out sitting outside as suggested by the hostess but the wind was coming down hard off of twin peaks so decided to head indoors . they provided blankets and the outdoor heaters were blazing but we could not take it . i liked how the took care of us . , on to the food . the meals that i remember were the pork cheek and the scallops with pork belly . these dishes were outstanding but the portions were on the small side . i only got scallops and even though they were delicious , they were not as substantial as you would expect . the wine we got was so so . i also thought i would get something a bit more special but the wines seemed ordinary . the service was good overall . i would like to check it out again sometime i am in the castro .
i absolutely adore coming here . if my wallet would let me i would show up once a week . i have been four times now , and each time i have tried something different . nothing on their menu has ever been disappointing . if you love farm to table freshness , this will be your new jam . they would be smart to pair with swirl , on the same block , and have them run their wine list that would create some epic pairings . hidden in back is a charming patio that looks like a fairy garden in the evening . i had to ding fable one star just because every outdoor table is baked under a patio heat lamp this is francisco , people , not the arctic . is not cold enough to heat anything . but i digress . if you are not as offended by being overly warm as i am , you will find nothing but stars here . for the terminally banal , yes they do have a brunch with special mimosas and other drinks . just like the rest of the planet . so , if you want to fully enjoy the food , let the noisy , happy brunch people mob the patio on sundays and go on a weeknight . if noisy happy brunch is your jam you will love theirs .
i do not want to be mean to a new business so i will give them a generous rating of stars . as you can see , we eat out a lot but on the weekends . it is our thing , we look forward to it . so we have been to a lot of restaurants . and as such we have learned to expect certain things with certain restaurants . expectations for a taqueria are different than for a french restaurant , for example . with fable yes we had some expectations . i had to reserve weeks in advance since they did not have the time on a friday we wanted . that very rarely happens to me usually will get reservations a day or at most a week in advance . let us start out with the location in the castro . very nice . close to everything . when we arrived , somebody not sure if he was the host held up a finger towards us index indicating he would be with us soon . and he proceeded to hug his buddies who just arrived hey gurl ! . never saw him again . another man appeared , maybe he is the host ? i do not know he is wearing jeans and his shirt is untucked . and there is no host stand at the front . oh we will just trust him and follow him towards the very back table , by the restroom . our reserved table ! weeks reservation and we get prime location by the restroom . . so we are at our table . minutes pass by . no one says hello , no one greets us . i am ready to leave . maybe our server sees this on my face he been passing us by this whole time , and finally starts a serving us . he is a nice enough guy by the end of the evening he is proven himself to be very good and attentive . but at times also finds his shirt untucked , then tucked again . hmm this is weird . same thing with the host . we are looking around . cannot really tell what this place is wanting to project . i see deer and antlers . but they feel like afterthought . the customers are older , mostly gay men . they all seem so serious . and just unhappy . this unhappiness can be seen on the faces of the employees of the restaurant as well . oh this is not good . i am starting to get depressed . we need wine ! so we order wine . we order some sides instead of the starters as none interested us they were mostly salads . the mac and cheese and broccoli gratin . i take out my phone camera to take a pic . eek you cannot tell what they are , so i put my camera away . first sign something is not going to be good you cannot tell what the food is by looking at it . and yup they were mediocre . mac and cheese was more mac than cheese . the broccoli was more soup jour than gratin . neither was cheesy or creamy enough , and they felt rushed . for main dish i ordered the wild boar sausage , and my partner ordered the pork chops . my generous rating is based on these two dishes they were very good . and like i said , the server redeemed himself towards the end . i do not however see fable succeeding , unfortunately . i did not see passion , excitement , curiousity , or urge to please that most new restaurants should exhibit . this may be one day merely a fable told in a story , and not anything real .
i was excited to try this place but left pretty unimpressed . our group of made a reservation for sunday brunch at . we got there on time but our table was not ready because they were still setting it up . at about they sat us at a table for , which was fine because not all of our party was there yet . a few more people trickled in , so we took the matter into our own hands and moved the little top table next to us over to ours to accommodate our reserved group . someone that i am assuming was the manager saw us doing this and came over and asked us what we were doing , like we just slaughtered a live pig on our table . i assured him that we had already made a reservation , and our table was not set up to seat the people we had called in for . i will say that someone ended up bringing an extra person , making it people instead of , but it is not like we took two tables to fit the extra person we took the one table with two chairs that we should have had in the first place . i did not get a chance to ask others about their orders , but everyone seemed generally pleased . both a friend and i ordered some salad with goat cheese , though the only cheese we saw were very small shavings of something that was plated underneath the greens . the server assured us that it was goat cheese false advertising if you ask me , but otherwise , the salad was good . my bad for not ordering something more substantial and conspicuous . the blood orange mimosas were excellent a good champagne juice ratio . our server ? were very friendly and attentive and did a fantastic job filling our waters , clearing plates , etc . the back patio was also awesome , if they did not close at we could have sat out there for hours . i would come back to try some other menu items that look good and to enjoy that patio and those mimosas . that manager and that goat cheese though .
food is decent and the ambiance is nice enough . it is good to see the castro finally attempting to add better quality restaurants to the neighborhood . i would have gave given another star or two , but the service is kind of off . as far as the staff i encountered on my visit , they need to be careful to not get their heads too high in the clouds and remember that they are employed to serve patrons not the other way around .
this place is a gem . we have been coming to fable for the last two years , love brunch and dinner . great food and they will substitute for a gluten free meal , great ambience , great staff and eric the owner is an awesome guy who really gets to know his customers . highly recommend this place
stumbled in here for dinner . i ordered the kale salad and the lamb leg for my entr . the kale salad was very delicious and had the right amount of acid to it . the lamb was cooked medium rare and perfect . i had thought it would have been a whole leg of lamb but it was sliced up . i had wanted to gnaw on the bone . overall good experience .
fable , what can i say i have been here numerous times and never had a bad experience . the service and food has always been great and worth every penny . this small spot is cozy and great for the castro . it is a hidden little gem . shhh . anything , you choose will not disappoint your palette
my new favorite brunch spot ! we went on a sunday at with a reservation made moments before i think we got lucky . we got a spot on the back patio which was so relaxing and sentence especially when you have a hangover . the plants and set up of the patio was beautiful ! our friends ordered the pork benedict and said it was exceptional . my boyfriend ordered the chicken sandwich and loved it . i tried it and it was the best chicken sandwich i have had in the city , yet ! i am an eggs benedict girl , but the second i saw the banana pancakes on the menu i knew i had to try them . i am so glad i did ! they were by far the best meal ! my boyfriend and our friends tried a bite and we all agreed the pancakes were our favorite . seriously so good !
nice presentation of the food on plates . they have a good variety of brunch items , friendly staff and outdoor seating on the back patio . fable was a great experience ! we will be going back . the bloody mary was fantastic , as was my peach tartine . delicious ! their covered back patio and fountain were cute as well .
tip surcharges over for a few tablespoons of grade risotto . dining partners salmon the size of a playing card . chicken tasting rabbit came with a super stingy dollop of mashed potatoes and carrot the rabbit did not get a chance to eat . it is been quite a while since i have run into a dinning establishment emphasizing super small portions at super prices for the sake of pretentiousness . i thought that whole thing died as unsustainable a long time ago . this is the worst food value proposition i have run into in a long time and that includes a few pretty expensive michelins . poesia or frances is a much , much better choice . then of course there is mama . i was gonna give this two stars cause the dessert was good and the beer reasonable . eating here you will have lots of room for dessert . maybe another star cause the service was good . but one of the dining companions had some nasty intestinal issues shortly after the salmon . injury to insult .
awesome food ! loved the quinoa bowl . was delicious and healthy . great vibe and garden setup for brunch . great outdoor seating ! friendly staff !
food was amazing . appetizers and mains were all delicious . good prices for higher end food , as well and great service . will absolutely come back .
i know i have written a review about fable but i really like to update how wonderful and amazing the staff and owners have become with the peeps . we generally choose a different place around the hood to do bday brunches and well this month was fable and well never disappointing at all . we requested our table and we got it and the service was outstanding . the owner sat us and also came back to check with all the tables and peeps to make sure everyone was happy and satisfied with their food . we always joke about places running out of coffee cups for it did happen and the place we went to was only open for minutes before we arrived . that is a big no no on a sunday esp brunch . but that would not happen here at all and i truly think the staff would run arcoss the street to phiz to get us coffee if they ever did run out ! . i just wanted to really say how wonderful it is to have places in the hood stay and the hood support them by going to then for they are dependable . i love it ! thank byron and all the other staff at fable for making birthday a wonderful one !
a great surprise . the patio is fabulous , the food and service were solid , and the strawberry shortcake was the best i have ever had outside of my mom kitchen . worth a visit .
i was convinced that starbelly was the only good restaurant in the castro and be honest , starbelly is not that good , but i am glad that i can add fable to the list . their menu is kind of like miley cyrus you know she is basic as fuck , but you like her anyway . my main take aways remember to get the chicken . remember to get the corn and shishito peppers when they are in season and most importantly , remember to starve yourself prior to eating at fable so you can have your daily carb limit with their mac and cheese . trust me , it is worth it .
if i were one of those people who gave five stars for everything that met all my expectations i would , but i am one of those who only give one and five star ratings for experiences that are either horrible or wonderful . this is okay . i have seen this space cycle through a number of restaurants and this iteration is about as good as any of them . the pricing is about what you would expect or a little better , the food is about what you would expect or a little better . they have a nice patio . there are some interesting things on the appetizer menu but i cannot remember what they are now . the service was better than average , probably because the restaurant is small and they have plenty of people . i would say the best thing about fable is that it is a place where you can get a pretty nice meal and actually get into all of the nice places we used to drop in on are totally mobbed nowadays .
the french toast on the brunch menu was delicious . was sat outside and , despite a hailstorm , remained dry ! the wait staff were very friendly . will definitely go back
soft opening tonight . i felt at home in this environment . amazing service thanks keith very hands on approach to engaging customers . i will come back . food was well presented and thoughtful flavors . a hit ! back to fable for valentines dinner . another winning dinner . byron definitely sets the tone for the restaurant and the service was excellent . baby beet in parchment appetizer made me wanting more . i had the pot roast . flavors blended well , melting in your mouth deliciousness .
hi , we went to fable for dinner i had the steak and my friend had the chicken with the bottle of wine , it was awsome place to go , it is a must try out place .
came here for brunch . loved the garden patio dining and the burger was juicy and flavorful . the fries were pretty good . the wedge salad did not look gorgeous but it was very tasty . point reyes blue cheese , beets , a variety of tomatoes , and crispy bacon pieces with a crisp wedge of iceburg was refreshing and delicious . the crab entree was tasty but the avocado kale mix under the crab was just too mushy and soft , and the wonton strips too soggy . service was adequate and friendly and the mimosas were only each
not that great of a brunch . the food overall just was not good , not too many potatoes and they looked pretty bad , eggs also did not taste that great . have not tried dinner though
we went for brunch on . we ordered the western omelet . it was tasteless , no only the omelet , but also the potatoes were tasteless , onions and red sweet peppers were burned . well , we are not going back ever !
aah where do i begin with this mediocre eatery ? slow sloppy service and they have the gall to use cheap yellow american cheese in the burger . inexperienced waiters .
been here twice now and would say that stars is a great rating for this restaurant the food will not absolutely blow you away , but you will still get a very good meal . each time my and i have tried the special of the night it was a scallop and caviar dish that was incredible , second time around it was a corned beef dish in celebration of st . patty day . why mention this ? it seems like both times the seasonal dishes were more creative and came together better than the dishes we got off of the regular menu the scallop and duck confit on the menu tasty but heavy . maybe it is just luck , but the chef really knows how to make a nice special dish with fresh and new ingredients . the service here is stars all the stuff you would expect from a nice restaurant in sf . overall a good place for a date night small group dinner in a safe neighborhood where parking is not too rough . plus it is never a dull time walking along castro street .
my friend recommended this place as its his local favorite and i can tell why great food , reasonable prices , good service , and fun environment . my friends and i split bottles of wine recommend their cab , appetizers , entrees , and desserts def get their chocolate dessert and it was only a person for all that food .
absolutely outstanding meal . wife and i went here for our yr anniversary dinner we wanted to keep it casual . really outstanding beginning straight away with their warm bread and pink salted butter . the fried pork cheek was possibly one of the richest things i have ever eaten in my life , and the pickled salad they serve it with is perfect . the portions are not huge , but between the bread , app , two entrees and dessert we definitely did not leave hungry . the wine was not the best i have ever had , but it was a blend , and not too pricey like .
went there for an early dinner before a show at the castro . the outside was a little nondescript and hard to find , especially with the sidewalks being torn up all up and down the street for renovations . inside though was stylish and a great atmosphere . we dined on the back patio , which has a canopy and garden and fountain . it was a very pleasant environment . the service was outstanding . attentive without being overbearing . i am not a wine drinker , but our server made a recommendation and it was probably the most i have ever enjoyed a glass of wine . we started with the dijon crusted braised pork cheeks , which were outstanding ! the serving size was just barely enough for two , but it just made you appreciate it that much more . the rest of the meal was a little hit and miss , but i think my wife enjoyed it more than me . i got the rabbit , done two ways . part was breaded and served with risotto and a okra gumbo with the remaining rabbit being stewed . i thought the crust on the rabbit was way too salty and over seasoned . that may just be me though , i know i am a little more sensitive to saltiness than most . my wife was able to finish it for me and did not have any complaints . the prices were a little high for a casual after work hang out , but for a date , i would definitely recommend checking it out .
first time i really enjoyed this place so i went back for second time with my fianc . i love how they greet you upfront . the restaurant has very low lighting which makes it very romantic . i really enjoyed their house wines as well as their food . i am not going to talk about my specific food because they keep changing the menu . i would recommend this place . it is a great ambiance with great food and its quite enough that you can hear each other .
fable is a cute , charming and cosy little restaurant in the heart of the castro . the quality of service and the ambiance definitely make up for the lack of space . the staff is very friendly and the outdoor patio is gorgeous perfect for brunch on a sunny day . the food is amazing . the grilled king salmon is by far my favorite . the combination of sweet and savory with a touch of crunchiness make this dish very unique and tasty . highly recommended !
my partner wanted to give this a second chance so went there for a brunch . i remembered an awful experience i had at fable a year ago see below but wanted to give it a second chance . i immediately noticed that the restaurant was not full as it was usually in the past . we sat down inside . after i ordered the quinoa with duck confit , i started enjoying the environment trying to keep my mind open . when the dish arrived , i was shocked to find that there was no duck confit . i searched it carefully and did not find it . i then asked my partner to confirm that . he did not see any duck confit . when i called the waiter back to explain , he awkwardly said that they dont serve it anymore . i then asked him why he did not tell me upfront . he said i forgot . oh really ? i then asked him if he expected me to miss that and pay the full price just for a bunch of quinoa ? he said no and i then felt very uncomfortable and my partner and i got up and left . before we left , the manager approached us and asked what was wrong . i explained to him and he said they were doing the best . really ? if they were doing the best , they could have crossed out the dish or told us upfront . this place is becoming really . . i am not definitely coming back , and encourage you to not to patronize this place . our waiter danric was awful . he did not check on us and he did not make sure we got enough water and coffee . he completely ignored us . he did awful job with the other table where people were waiting for a long time . he did not show any apology when i brought up issues and my concerns . i am not coming back for lousy service and lousy food . after i wrote this , and then read other reviews and it seems that i am not the only one who feels that way . i also brought up my concerns to the host but he did not give a damn too . i think fables will not be around for a long time . i am so disappointed in this restaurant , food , and service . what a shame .
an ingredient for my dish was substituted for another one , which i happened to be allergic to , and i was not informed . i had to ask the waiter if a substitution had occurred after i noticed it in the dish . he was unapologetic . i sent it back and got a different dish . i was astonished to find out the restaurant did not comp my meal . i left a voicemail for the manager about my situation to give him or her the opportunity to get in touch before i wrote a review , but no one reached out .
great food , even better service . we got the pork cheeks to start , then shared the roasted chicken breast and salmon all of which were amazing . the back patio is beautiful and the heat lamps are perfect for the chilly francisco nights . and you are missing out if you do not finish with an order of bread pudding .
this is a reliable , accessible , above average brunch spot . it is fairly easy to get a reservation the day before , even for a party of like we had . it is one of few places in the city that can accommodate that . the back patio is a prime spot on a nice day , and yesterday was no different . the food is always good to very good . i have had brunches in the city that may cause me to give a more exuberant response . but fable is always consistent . it tends to be our go to for brunch before an afternoon at dolores park .
fantastic food . great service , amazing vegan options . we bring all visitors to the city here and fable is always stars . thank you for making food amazing !
this is a cute place that is only a short walk away from the muni station . i really liked sitting in the outdoor area with the small garden . it has a really nice atmosphere . but be warned that it looks like this place gets really busy , especially on weekends , so it is probably best to make a reservation if you can . i had the french toast and it was a real delight ! although this place is a little out of my way , i do think i will be back again sometime not to mention it is a hop , skip , jump away from hot cookie for a sweet finish
bf took me here for mystery dinner . cute place , interesting decor , love the open kitchen , really tiny kitchen . pork cheek appetizer was really good . the kate and apple salad with it went really well together . lamb shank , was okay . i could not tell that it was lamb , even though the meat was very tender . pork chop was cooked perfectly . nicely seasoned . overall i think this was a really nice date , but i am not sure i would want to come back . was good , but expensive . service was great though .
nice place , cool decor , friendly staff , okay food , really small portions i made a reservation after viewing menus on yelp opentable . when we arrived we discovered that several of the lower priced items that we saw online were not on the dinner menu . this has happened once or twice before with smaller places in sf . i will stop short of accusing the establishments of a bait switch but it does make one wonder . we ended up ordering a couple of starters and drinks , everything pork cheek soft shell crab sliders were pretty good , but nothing extraordinary . portions were unbelievably small for the price .
brunch was lovely . southern fried chicken sandwich was yum worth the delicately pickled cabbage and peppersside of french toast provided a perfect little sweet touch . bloody mary was good . but for me a touch more tabasco would do the trick . will have to try out dinner menu next .
gorgeous back porch , great service , and good food . an am reservation on a saturday was wonderful , as they started to get busy around .
fable is a welcome replacement for several meh restaurants that have occupied this space previously . their food is excellent italian that i would call thoughtful and interesting but unpretentious . it will not satisfy adventurous foodies , but it is much more authentic and interesting than watered down american italian joints . the service was fine but unremarkable they could not seem to decide if they are going for casual and friendly or more formal . overall though i am a fan , and fable has rapidly become a go to spot for dinner for me .
looked up fable on yelp made the reservation right on yelp we were very impressed food was wonderful everyone was very friendly basically had a great experience would def recommend ! my only knock would be i wish menu was larger .
eclectic find in the castro area . chicken caesar salad is moist , flavored and delicious . bistro burger is super juicy and tasty . spicy lava cake was a great finale . service is outstanding
my dish arrived suspiciously fast but i was happy to dig in quickly . i had the pork meatloaf with tomato fondue . the meatloaf was cold , and simultaneously dry and chewy . the carrots on the plate were charred on the outside but somehow still crunchy and mostly uncooked on the inside . the veggies under the meatloaf were basically floating in the liquid they were cooked in . my friend had the sea bass , which was totally overcooked . it was on a bed of grits that was gummy and flavorless . i have had better grits at diners for . the brussels sprouts her dish came with were underseasoned . the service was great as was the decor and overall vibe , but the food was awful . the dishes cost about each , but you could not pay me to eat here again .
this review is for brunch only . great ! we sat outside on their patio which was super quaint . the service was excellent , and the menu was super easy to choose from once i saw that their was a pork belly eggs benedict . tasty too .
went here with my girlfriend for dinner and made a last minute reservation . we had the mac cheese balls and mussels to start . sooooo good ! for dinner we had the steak with the most delicious potato side dish . overall , great service and not sure why everyone complaining about the price . its good quality food and you get what you pay for .
after reading all the terrific reviews , i was expecting this to be a better experience , but it was just okay . cannot really move it up to three stars , as i would not endorse eating here . we happened to hit it on a rainy night and were set outside . even with the heat lamps on , it was a bit chilly and there was a constant sound of gurgling water behind his made it sound like one of the fairy tale giants was relieving himself throughout the whole meal . as for the food it seemed to be inspired by fairy tale options the lentil soup was actually pretty good . there were large chucks on bacon in the soup , some with a little more fat than others , but it was a hearty soup and i could have had just that and maybe given them three stars . we ordered two entrees i had the pork chop . it was so salty that i was downing water for the rest of the night . the side items , kale and cauliflower , were also a bit salty . my partner had the rabbit and just hated it . it takes a brave person to order rabbit , but he would grown up eating it , but just did not like the mix of flavors with this item . service was okay as well . our waiter , very nice , but he got overloaded with a big table and we did not see much of him after that . there was one guy at the large table that was using his outside voice during the entire time he was there , so he was a bit of a distraction if you just wanted to enjoy the company of who you came with . wish it were better , but cannot recommend this one .
yum . had a great meal here . waiter was personable and knowledgeable . will be back !
i do not know how fable ended up on my radar , but it did . i think it had something to do with a review somewhere saying how weird the decor was , and thinking i needed to check it out myself it really not weird at all . i came here with a friend that i had not seen it a very long time , and we went on a little dinner date . i hardly ever go out in the castro anymore , either , so i wanted to find a place that would get me out of my normal haunts . the food was excellent . my friend and i split the dungeness crab appetizer , with orange segments , and it was refreshing and delicious . the portion of crab was very generous . actually , you could add . of crab to any dish , if you wanted . i did not opt for this , but i was really pleased to have had the option . i had the pork chop with a pomegranate glaze over grits . the pork chop was cooked well , and all the flavors melded together well . it was a good portion size , and was not at all overwhelming . for dessert , i had the new to the menu at the time parsnip cake . it was flavored well think about it as a take on carrot cake , but perhaps a little too moist if you like a drier crumb . i , however , enjoyed its almost pudding like consistency . i had a bite of my friend apple crisp , and that was also well executed .
i love that fable is just around the corner . i have been several times have enjoyed every meal . recently , i was hosted a friend that owns a restaurant , suggested we dine at fable . we painstaking planned our meal wine pairings . we loved every bite . the service , even on a busy night , was really great . little touches make the experience even better . we left very full , very satisfied customers . ps thank you for making me look good to a friend with a sophisticated palate .
recently i dined out with two friends of mine who happen to be amazing chefs . we had an extended discussion about the lack of really great food in the castro . yes , frances is amazing , but you cannot show up there on a whim and have a lovely meal . so after a sub par dining experience else where earlier this week , my hubby and ventured down to fable to give it a try . i crossed my fingers and toes that it would be good . it was not only good it was very good . i would honestly give the food a stars and the atmosphere and staff a star rating . the interior is intimate and warm with an outdoor eating area we sat at the chef counter . our waitress was lovely and attentive food was prepared exactly as requested and well paced . you can actually hold a conversation in there without screaming and yet it was not dead pan quiet . since we were on limited time movie date night we kept it simple . i had the pork cheeks and kale salad lovely flavors and the sauteed brussel sprouts with a balsamic reduction that was fantastic and with roasted black grapes . the pork cheek salad was well portioned as a small plate and with a side of sprouts was plenty for a lighter meal . my hubby had the pork chop . let us just say , pork chops are his thing . he likes them medium rare and most places never get it right . so he asked for it medium rare to slightly rare , and low and behold it was exactly that . super flavorful with a side of bitter greens and grilled pears . we actually asked the chef to commend his line staff for getting it right the guys were very proud ! desert was a quick banana bread pudding . . we nearly licked the bowl . all in all , a lovely meal . we will return again . the moral of the story try and try again .
another great restaurant in the castro . good atmosphere . very fine food and wonderful service .
decent . great patio out back definitely check it out . the food is good , but nothing to write home about . decent service .
i love this place ! i have had dinner here and brunch . service is great . their patio in the back is amazing , loved sitting there for brunch . i highly recommend this place !
i really appreciate fable because they always have a vegan entree on the menu . i have had both their beetloaf and vegan lasagna and both were really delicious make sure you call the day of to check what the vegan entree is because what is posted online is a sample menu and not the actual menu . i was bummed once when i went and the vegan entree was mushroom based and i hate mushrooms .
came upon this restaurant based on reviews on top restaurant in castro . so far those reviews do not disappoint . pretty much had a full course meal unexpectedly . from the appetizers towards dessert i have to say it is amazing . was not expecting a unquie style of flavor on classic dishes , which goes well . they also take reservations through yelp , which was neat .
cons this is why the restaurant is stars instead of prices keep increasing ! within the past year they have been open , prices of entrees have gone from around to . it is great when a local restaurant makes it , but please do not do it at the expense of locals wallets . at the current pricing , this restaurant is miscategorized as a establishment , and instead should be . prices here are comparable to nopa , which is categorized as on yelp . to see proof of rising prices , take a look at some of the menu pictures posted on yelp from the restaurant earlier days then look at the current menu pricing . pros the food was really good ! i enjoyed the duck confit dish and pear ginger crisp . the waiter was the right amount of attentiveness without being overbearing or aloof . the set up of the restaurant is cozy , and i liked the bright orange napkins . decor is minimal but carefully thought out . small outdoor patio looks very cute there are heat lamps , and after a couple months they are opening about more seats in the back . other dinner only now , but once back patio is totally complete , it plans to open for brunch as well .
evening reservations in the castro . quaint , casual , long and narrow fable . quite charming and nice . simple small menu variety for anyone . chicken , duck , lamb , pork , fish and even vegan . almost everything near twenty main . simple bread and salted butter complimentary and good . under fifteen starters . starting with strawberry salad and pork cheeks to share . dainty small plates of sweet strawberry and greens quite fresh . pork cheeks delicious and succulent . found the chicken breast to have a nice salted crust and similar on the tuna . grilled pork chops flavorful , decent and filling . sliced lamb okay , but boring . finding the meals quite simple and decent meal overall . one hundred twenty five total for four people .
service was great , food was good . we had the whole inside to ourselves pretty much . the atmosphere is nice . we had pork cheeks , cauliflower , chicken breast , and a rib eye . the breast was tender and flavorful . the rib eye was cooked well . the pork cheeks where amazing and the cauliflower was so flavorful . i cannot wait till they change the menu so i can try new dishes . it is evident the chef likes to cook and switch it up .
nice setup , food was pretty good . the dessert was the highlight for me . it is definitely higher priced than the indicator suggests .
will not go back again . high priced for very little food . and really , you are gonna charge for side dishes ? then at least offer more choices ! the food was not all that good . i had the swordfish . it was so so . not worth the price . the only good thing about the dinner was our waiter . he was very nice and attentive . all in all , i would not pay that kind of money for such little food that was not all that .
great outdoor seating area . the french toast was delectable and the breakfast potatoes are reason enough to go . definitely recommend as a fun brunch spot with friends .
we had one of our favorite meals in francisco here . got a table on short notice with a last minute cancellation . very attentive staff and delicious food . quaint little setting too .
great service and vibe . order the chicken breast unique twist on the veggies that come with it and the smoked gouda mac and cheese .
love this restaurant . the back patio is great . all food is fresh and yummy and james is the best waiter ever .
ugh . i really wanted to like this place . . rebuffed by the host . anyone remember dana carvey host charecter on ? wait at the bar , wait at the bar . . our waitress was not in the mood . don they realize that it is obvious when your being a bitch with a smile on your face ? . manager could not be bothered . he literally asked if we we are okay from the kitchen . . food was delicious but not amazing . for , i expected more . most likely a perfect storm situation . worth a try i guess .
we were lucky enough that our visit coincided with the chef making cioppino . i ordered it , and it was , frankly , the best cioppino i have ever eaten . every piece of shellfish was perfectly cooked . the broth was just a little spicy not too much or little and very flavorful . outstanding effort . we ate out on the patio . it was a lovely ambiance , and it was well supplied with infrared heaters , but it was still chilly . i would recommend waiting until spring . the staff is friendly . there is an online menu , but it is not always perfectly up to date . and in any event , the cioppino was a special .
nice and cute patio , interior is okay . ordered all the starters and most things from the menu , best dish is the pork chop . everything else was good but nothing special .
pros i enjoyed the tuna nicoise appetizer and the salmon dinner . wine selections are decent . plating presentation was nice . nice decor inside and the outdoor patio was nice especially with having a garden . we will come back again to try brunch . cons i have to agree with other yelp users that the fable needs to update the menu online frequently as needed . the online menu did not match with the printed out menus when we arrived . we did not like that the waiter crammed everyone on the same row on the outdoor patio in the back . i personally think it is better to spread everyone out so they will not feel so awkward .
meh . dry chicken and mediocre service at above average prices . atmosphere zero . loud kitchen noise everywhere . but , server was nice when handing us the check .
awesome food . awesome service . we had the melon salad , superb . salmon and pork chop for main , delish ! def coming back !
the first thing they got wrong was to be sold out of particular beers and other food options at before their brunch rush on a sunday . i had to order drinks times before i got a good option . then the hostess comes out and tells us that a technical problem in the kitchen will delay all orders by min . the food is served in small portions and is overpriced . i was there for brunch and they did not have wild caught salmon , so they substituted farmed rainbow trout instead . they told me this before ordering , and i ordered it anyway . but there was very little fish on the plate . the rest were sides of veggies in little piles . not sure what this dish is trying to be , other than skimpy and overpriced . there are better food options for your money in this area . and i am not a picky eater or food snob . getting the bill took min . , and something on it was wrong . the service of drinks and food was generally slow too .
i think we finally found that high quality reasonable cost restaurant we have been looking for in the castro ! three years of searching how did it take this long ? there are so many really bad places in and around the castro , but fable is the real deal . the food is just excellent . juicy , well spiced , tasty food . fries fantastic . service quietly proficient . nice outdoor eating area in the back with a pretty garden . and good quality wines by the glass that are not overpriced . we will most certainly be back . thank you fable for filling a gap that has existed in our culinary map for far too long !
just ate here last night . loving the dark romantic vibe . food was excellent and so was the service ! i enjoyed the braised pork cheeks . served with this perfect marinated kale salad topped with fried onions . the crispy chicken was phenomenal . served with perfectly whipped japanese yam . i am definitely going back for that one soon . i also ordered a side of the padron peppers . delicious . worth checking out
is fable a dream come true ? not quite but there are some good elements to this story . positive things the food was all good to excellent . we ordered five dishes all either starters or side dishes . we had the pork cheeks which was the best dish and really would make a good main . three cheeks with a great apple greens salad . sweet pea soup , it was good but one note in taste and texture it was served way too hot grilled artichoke , served with a great aioli and bacon crumble that perfectly cooked and served nice and warm broccoli and morel gratin , there was simply not enough cheese it in and the morels were overwhelmed by the chamel sauce but it was still a very tasty dish mac and cheese . we got the fresh crab with it was an extra dollars . it tasted best once we mixed it into the mac and cheese . the mac and cheese had a nice flavour but it was missing the cheese and the french spouse was very disappointed it did not have any bread crumbs on it and was not gratined . we finished with a real french style chocolate mousse which was nice and think the way a mousse is in france and not a pot creme which is often called mousse in the us . the prices are very good for a francisco sit down dinner with everything under . the portions are also good for the price . the less positive super noisy , does not appear that they did any sound dampening and everything is hard surfaces , also there was horrible early pop playing loudly . the host was a bit standoffish when we got there , our server forgot one our dishes , they brought out all the dishes at the same time , food was served way too hot with two dishes . all little things that can be improved . they had almost no non alcoholic drinks not even ginger ale or sprite or sparkling water . the restthe decor is hipster with wall paper that looks like wood , lots of antlers in bright colours and lots of prints of animals . there are mirrors with frosted glass prints of stags which the french spouse found to be straight out of vegas but i thought were hipster takes on tapestries . the space is not large with bar seating and high tables in the front and more formal dining tables in the back . the patio would not be open until the end of summer . all in all , this is a good addition to castro and is a nice blend of good modern american food at reasonable prices .
terrific food . portions a little on the small side . service was really nice , but a bit slow sporadic , especially considering it was a slow weeknight . awesome patio . overall great food and good spot .
i called the night before and asked if they could change my reservation from to was all that was available on open table . they made the accommodation happily by seating us on the porch , which was warm and comfortable . the waiter was wonderful as was the food . the timing of the dishes , their preparation and presentation were all wonderfully done . the jus with the steak could have been a little bit more plentiful , but was very well prepared . all in all a nice evening .
we came here the other night for our dear friend miles birthday . let us put it this way , we were pleasantly surprised . well , maybe i should not be that surprised . i have been following chef around for a few years now . anchor oyster bar , woodhouse etc . and i have never had a bad meal from him . we had a wonderfully executed meal . nothing too fancy but just with enough frill to make it a fine dining experience . we pretty much tried everything on the menu that night . . pot roast . . . beet . . caesar . gem . pork . and all of the deserts including the cheese plate . needles to say , everything was spot on ! i tripped out on how good the beet loaf was ! and i am a carnivore ! i will eat anything that lives ! or lived ! i will get it again if it is on the menu . this item should be an in house feature from now on . i refuse to believe that this is a vegan item ! but i was assured that it was from the chef himself . unfortunately , he would not tell me his secret . i highly recommend this for you non meat eaters out there . the decor is and i hate to use this word whimsical and fitting for the intimate dining room . cute pictures adorn the wall with all of your favorite aesop characters . i really appreciated the color scheme . grey with orange accents . the orange , antler chandeliers were the perfect addition for the theme they are going for . over all , a very comfortable dining experience . casual enough for that quaint , neighborhood restaurant we would would all love to have down the street . yet fancy enough to be a dining destination . although truthfully , i hope that this place stays a hidden gem . fat chance though . it is pretty damn good ! my only complaint is the paper napkins . but i was assured they were working on it . the staff is knowledgeable and expedient and it does not hurt that they are attractive as well . lastly , the prices are amazingly low for what you get . i could not beleive the price points ! not one entre above lb ! seriously ! is this the early or what ? all told , i will definitely be back . as a matter of fact , i am going again on wednesday . i love me some beet loaf !
loved this spot ! attentive staff . beet salad with goat cheese was good . a little overdressed for my liking . baked potato was delicious . i usually do not like sour cream , but this was the perfect baked potato . brussel sprouts were cooked with the right amount of salt . pork chop was so good . not as good as nopa , but a close second . a fine medium rare ! tender and delicious ! banana wafer pudding lacked a little sweetness . maybe a caramelized banana would have added a little character . maybe i should have opted for the chocolate mousse . would go again . the caesar looked awesome . loved the presentation of the other dishes including the scallops and chicken .
i love to cook and silently despise people who criticize my food . ironically , i must be a sucker for torture because i silently love their criticisms in the same way , as it allows me to refine my methods to make a better spread the next time around . ambiance was awesome , chef owner was very nice and staff was very attentive . after having waited for about an hour to be seated we went to have drinks at another place and they conveniently called us when our table was ready , which was nice we ordered a few items that seemed very palpable on the menu . when we received our meals , they were very well presented and looked yummy but think drum roll from national lampoons christmas vacation no lights they did not taste as well as they were presented . i ordred the pot roast and my friend ordered the lamb , both of which were just , meh . i loved that the pot roast was served on a bed of legumes and had a nice gravy poured on top of it and the meat was very tender but the flavor was pretty bland kick the gravy up maybe ? . i cannot speak for my friend lamb but the taste i had was mediocre and left me wanting a richer sauce on that as well . however , i am glad i ordered the macaroni and cheese goat cheese added a kick and the chocolate mousse dessert was very delish i think it had salted caramel whipped cream on top , yum . in end , i know this is a new place and it shows a lot of potential . with a little fine tuning , i am sure this place will become a tasty success . i will see about coming back in a year for another review .
beautiful atmosphere , friendly service and delicious food . could not have asked for a better date night experience . we both enjoyed the vegan lasagna and vegan beetloaf . we will certainly be visiting again !
absolutely stars . but then again my friends own the place and i could not expect anything less . but you be the judge . service is outstanding . the food was amazing . try the pot roast or the chicken with one of their side dishes or the gem salad . now one word of advice . make a reservation ! or you are taking a chance since they have been solid booked since the first day they opened .
i hesitate to write about this place because it is so fantastic and i am greedy . i liked fable a lot ! beautiful interior , a patio , gorgeous food , lovely servers , good wine . i will be back !
we had dined here at fable several months ago and although the service was a little bit awkward , the food was really good . we were very excited to dine here again with our good friend . i had made reservations for the of us a week in advance . i received a phone call from the restaurant the day prior to confirm and inform me that they will only hold the table for minutes if we do not call to inform them in the event we were running late . we arrived on time looking forward to a evening of good food , wine and conversation . however , the host started to seat us in the front table in the window that is by any reasonable person standard , barely enough room for . not to mention that it was a high table and we had to sit on bar stools . i told the host that we were very uncomfortable with the accommodations and ask him to seat us else where . he said that he would try but they had large groups in the back and he did not think he could , but he said he would try . i believe this restaurant has a lot going for it . great food and wine list . however , from a service perspective they seem to struggle . a professional host would have informed us that they had large groups and they were running behind . the host would also offer us the option of the substandard table or provide us with some expectation of a more reasonable table and an estimated wait time upfront without me having to ask . we were very disappointed , hungry and although the host thought he might be able to come up with a plan , we could not wait and moved on . luckily we were able to find a place and was able to enjoy good food and wine at a different restaurant without reservations . slightly reminiscent of the dot com days when poor service was the norm in francisco . i know that they would not have any problems seating a party of or that would be willing to sit in a very uncomfortable space after we left .
we had a wonderful evening here ! the manager byron made us feel welcome and chatted with us like we were old friends . our server , brian , made sure all our needs were met . the owner eric introduced himself to us and periodically checked up on us to make sure we were enjoying everything . we enjoyed wine , appetizers , entr es , and dessert . for being open only days , they sure had their act together . i look forward to coming back and trying more wines and dishes .
beautifully executed comfort inspired chef creations . impeccable service . perfect for a special night with friends or family . limited seating options might be a concern on busy nights .
what a great addition to the castro ! the neighborhood has had some mediocre restaurants for quite some time now , so i am glad a whole new level of food has arrived ! the service was awesome ! the chefs know what their doing the food was really , really tasty . the of us enjoyed the arugula salad , beef cheeks , pot roast chicken . overall , the experience ambiance was great . they did a great job with the interior the decor was quite charming . i will def come back i look forward to the patio when it opens along with brunch !
the castro finally gets a good restaurant ! i have eaten here twice and had great experiences both times . the meat was cooked as i ordered it which should be a given but sadly is not , the service was good , and it was just an overall pleasant upscale experience . i would ask that they consider not playing music when they are busy . it just adds to the noise . this place will be even better and more popular when they open the patio in the back .
great spot . my friend and i sat in the front window , service was attentive and friendly . the wine list is priced well and affordable . we had the pork chop , new york strip and a bottle of pinot . both dishes were perfection . we kicked our plates and left happy ! check it out of your in the mood for an intimate environment with a lively open kitchen and a pretty back patio .
staff is super friendly ! hostess and waiter were super cool . the place has garden patio seating with heat lamps that you can only find in sf or portland . the food is pricy but what i liked most about this place is that you can have awesome fancy good food without the pretentious restaurant atmosphere . felt very homey . will be back on a special occasion . a little too pricy
highly improbable . getting a table on a saturday night with such little notice . caramelized brussels sprouts with incredible flavor at an accessible price . squash that was completely squashed by our appetites . cod and crab partnering to create a main more delicious than either could do solo . grilled vegan beetloaf is the only part of the story with regret . should have done it . bottles of argentinian red wine to wash it all down . personality and a consistent yet subtle attention to detail by the staff . whimsical design touches like antlers accented by lights in an otherwise relaxed and polished environment . that was just the food and experience . if i were to tell you the story of how we got there and who i was with the story would take forever . improbable and at least for this fable completely true .
first of all , impeccable service . secondly , jesus . the food is good . pork cheeks , halibut , mac and cheese and chocolate mouse i die . all done perfectly . plus , i love a space where they let you take your time . we had lots of wine , lots of conversation and delicious food over a two hour period . a fantastic date night . thirdly , patio is coming soon . boom . go ! eat ! get it on after !
it was a tuesday . a month past my birthday . my friend had been promising to take me out to celebrate for a month and we would finally settled on an evening that we could finally get it together . a tuesday evening . i chose fable because the castro was a convenient area for us to meet up in and we had both been wanting to try it . i made the reservation earlier in the day and the earliest availability for dinner was . it was not our fantasy come true , but we entertained ourselves for a bit before heading over . we were seated at a high table just in from the door . it was a little busy but not distracting . the service was fantastic , our server was a woman who was very friendly and warm and entertained our tangent conversations . we shared most of the food . grilled artichoke with bacon breadcrumbs this was a large whole artichoke split in . it was well done and not over cooked . it had a good flavor and the breadcrumbs added a nice texture . caesar salad with crab the salad was very good , simple and clean . split pea with ham hock soup the consistency was a little watery , but the flavor was rich . i tend to like my split pea a little on the thicker side , but would definitely order this again . main course , petrole sole over spinach and mashed potatoes this dish came with fillets which my friend and i split . it was very good , but the piece we split was not as good as the other two pieces . it was a little tough and had a courser texture , so a little inconsistant . otherwise , it was a great dish . i probably would not order it again because it is not the type of dish i would generally order for myself . i would try other fish dises though . macaroni and cheese this was a small side that we also split . again , the texture was a little on the watery side , but the flavor was striking . delicious . for dessert my friend ordered the parsnip cake , similar to a carrot cake but not as sweet . i had the strawberry shortcake . i did not try the parsnip cake , but my friend ate the whole thing without complaint . i think he would have had another piece if it was offered . the strawberry shortcake was simple and refreshing . a shortbread biscuit with fresh whipped cream and strawberries in a sweet sauce . the back patio still is not open , and will not be until september . i am looking forward to coming back , especially when the patio opens . the price is a little on the high side , but nothing out of the ordinary . our bill came to and included a few of glasses of wine .
i will give this place a second shot , especially when they have the back patio open and they have worked out the menu a bit more , but i thought the food here was only . given the menu i was expecting the food to be much tastier , but it was all very one note . i had the pork chop and it was served with cheddar grits and lacinto kale . i was very excited about the side dishes , but the grits were pretty flat and uncheesy and the kale was kinda dry . for a plate in a neighborhood where there are many good restaurants , some which are less expensive , you expect the food to be of a higher caliber . the service was excellent , however .
came here recently with two friends for the first time . service was fine , our waitress was attentive and personable . the issue for us was just the caliber of the food for the price . we ordered melon salad appetizer soft shelled crab with an avocado slaw appetizer special scallop and pork belly entree special beetloaf entree mac and cheese side dish caramelized brussels sprouts side dishtotal came to . the appetizers were just okay , not great but not bad either . the beetloaf , mac and cheese very watery and bsprouts bad weird flavor and we are all big brussels sprout fans were all major disappointments . my friend said that the scallops and pork belly were cooked well , so that seemed to be the winner of the night . for us the food just did not deliver , and if i am going to spend on apps , entrees and small sides i would much rather do so at frances .
amazing if you are looking for great food in the castro this place is for you first time experience food a service loved it
we had dinner here on friday and the food was very good , the service was great , and an all around great time . we walked in to our reservation and the previous group was finishing up . after waiting for less than minutes , our group was seated . immediately after sitting our waitress asked if she could get us started with water , wine , and or beer . the four of us shared a bottle of wine and we ordered a couple appetizers pork cheek so good ! . i had the chicken , which was good . but , my partner had the wedge salad and pork chop , which was amazing . we also all shared a side of delicious mac cheese . such a good meal and a great experience !
we dropped in for an early sunday evening meal . i had the braised pork cheeks with kale and other salad type things . the salad part of this appetizer was actually better than the meat , though it was best when both were eaten together . my main was a risotto with fish and tangerine , which was both good and interesting . the had a sweet potato curry soup and the caesar salad with added crab . the added crab part was not on the menu , but she read about it on yelp and heard another server telling the group next to us about it . the soup was okay and the salad good crab fresh , but i do not see why people would rave about it . maybe we tried to order too quickly , but when we said we are ready to order the waiter did not take the time to tell us whether there were any specials or even what the soup was that night we only ended up with the soup because the kept asking if they had any specials or soups of the day she should know about . they also did not bring out bread until we asked , though since i think i should be avoiding bread more often than not this might be a good policy rather than another sign of a relatively inattentive waiter . overall the food was very good and the service was otherwise very pleasant . i forgot to mention desert the chocolate mousse was really good .
tried this on a recent long weekend trip to sf and in short fable was fabulous . we mostly enjoyed every creative dish and there was not a plate that left the table without being licked clean . plus , the wine list was solid along with the service and delightful ambiance . we started with the dijon braised pork cheeks . while the cheeks were underseasoned , the texture was terrific as was the accompanying kale and pink lady apple salad with the crispy shallots and cider vinaigrette . yum . my pork was perfection medium rare with a great sear on the outside and savory juices on the inside great greens and fall vegetable gratin were sensational sides . while the appearance was underwhelming , the heirloom tomato and beet salad was solid and the fennel was a delightful bonus . my vocal italian friend was sorely disappointed with her so called bed of risotto overcooked and not arborrio . but , she loved her black cod . the fig and bleu cheese side was also disappointing . i would go back here in a heartbeat on a future visit to the castro .
so i am visiting from vegas . and back home we have some amazing restraints , but this place . wow ! amazing service , beautifully decorated , and the food is phenomenal ! if your lookin for a place to try out , this is it !
amazing ! the dungeness risotto crab balls were amazing ! i had the coriander chicken that was also amazing !
tried it for the first time tonight and loved it . the service was impeccable from the moment we entered . we started with the little gem salad plenty for and the garlic bread both were perfect . i had the chicken breast and my date had the steak . my only complaint is that the sweet and sour sauce on the chicken tasted like one of those chicken mcnugget dipping sauces . all in all a nice experience and a great addition to the castro .
first of all , i must say it is great to have chef co owner hearnsberger back in the castro again ! last night the food was impeccable . we started with two appetizers , the tuna tartar and the beef cheek , both delicious . for entrees , i thoroughly enjoyed the lamb . probably the best lamb dish i ever had . my guest felt the same way about the salmon . for desert , a wonderful chocolate mousse .
absolute stars ! the service was great . the food was cooked and prepared perfectly . we order everything from wine and to desert and even a few side dishes . everything that was brought out to us was above and beyond what was expected . i have been telling all my friends and family about this place . must go !
delicious , unpretentious and friendly . we had two salad as , one citrus and one the salad special and both delicious with unique dressings . for the entree we both had the vegan option although we are carnivores and really enjoyed it . flavorful , which is not a given for meat free entrees . for dessert we shared the bread pudding excellent ! we also shared a bottle of tasty riesling recommended by the attentive but not intrusive waiter . we just walked by and are glad we tried this cozy gem . will def be back !
the crispy skinned chicken breast was amazing . it was probably the best chicken i have had in a looooooooooong time . my wife had the pot roast and it was spot on . it was juicy , flavorful and tender . the duckm , which i only had a small bite of , was the perfect combination of savory and sweet thanks to the sauce . the pork cheek . i have never had pork cheek , nor would i think to order pork cheek . but , you know . new restaurant , new things . it . was . delicious . perfect size and super delicious . we sat at the bar and it was a nice opportunity to see how the kitchen staff works . they were very clean , careful , and precise . the chef seems like a good person , and the entire staff seem to really respect him .
absolutely love this place . i have been coming here since its opening and it has never disappointed . in a city of new restaurants , this is one of the few places i have returned to . they are menu is always changing based on hats local , fresh , and in season . even when online reservations are full , do not hesitate to give them a call as they are more than happy to try to accommodate . best seats are in front of the open kitchen or in the beautiful patio .
fable is so wonderful ! the food is great the service is great ! i live in the castro and i am so glad to have this as a neighborhood spot . usually when i eat here , we just walk in and eat at the bar which is fun , because then we can watch the chefs at work . everything i have had at fable has been delicious the salads are great and all the mains i have had have also been delicious . recently i had their grilled angus petit filet which was served with root veggies so good . in the past i have had their chicken which is also so tasty crispy skin , tender meat . i also find that their wines by the glass are also very good . really you should try fable it is that good !
so here is the deal , byron was the best server at a previous restaurant . now he is here . i trust that this place is amazing . service alone . it is worth coming here for byron ! loving their wine list and food ! pork cheeks amazingscallops amazing they were a special overall great experience . the entire staff was actually great as well .
this is not a star worthy venue , although compared to most of the pizza joints and bad food in the castro , i guess i can see why some might give it a high rating . the back patio is really lovely , and the server was friendly . well , once she came to us which took several minutes . but the steak eggs benedict was incredibly uninspiring one small thin slice of beef on each muffin , and one of the two eggs was just barely still runny . i would not rule out giving it another try , but nothing about the experience made me want to rush back , either .
excellent food , good service . it was a beautiful warm day , so the patio was an excellent place to dine . the ambiance of the restaruant is also nice and well decorated .
we stopped in here tonight for the first time . anchor was full , and we were on our way to starbelly but needed to run an errand on the other side of castro , and the menu posted in front of fable caught my eye . a bunch of interesting choices , many of them nicely seasonal . we had no problem getting in as early as we were the restaurant was filled by the time we left . we had one of those wonderful first time here not a wrong note experiences at fable . our starter a tomato cucumber white peach salad was fresh , light , and summery . the pot roast was as good as my mom a compliment i have never dished out until now , my mom made great pot roast ! the summer squash gratin side dish complemented the pot roast perfectly . and the coconut cream cake was to die for . we are looking forward to exploring other parts of the menu in future visits . the service was terrific , informal , friendly , not too prompt , not too slow , just right . the noise level suited the meal not too loud , but not deadly quiet either . to my surprise , the castro is starting to become a foodie destination . who a thunk it ? in the long hiatus between the time ryan closed on street and frances opened , the neighborhood was a culinary disaster , with anchor providing the only high quality option . i have lived in the neighborhood a long time and usually left it for another part of town when i wanted a good meal . but now , with eiji , frances , and fable coming on to the scene , we can get great meals close to home . low and mid priced entries like chow , burger meister , and pica pica round things out nicely .
went here last night with a group of friends for a birthday celebration . we got the pork cheeks and clam strips to start and a carafe of their sangria . all were fantastic . like that the carafe of sangria was presented as a carafe of wine fruit and ice in the wine glasses . the sangria was great , but i thought it overpriced . would not do that again despite its tastiness . we sat on the back patio , which is really nicely landscaped . not only do they have heaters , but each chair has a soft , cuddly blanket , too ! very nice touch . for entrees , i got the pork chops , two got the pot roast , and one got a caesar salad with sides of winter vegetable gratin and caramelized brussels sprouts . impressions pork chop amazing . a fantastic crispy crust on the meat , and the bourbon huckleberry jus was incredibly flavorful nice touch of garlic . it came with spinach good , not a standout and the vegetable gratin could have been very good , but i thought it a bit underdone . i am not a huge pork chop fan , but i would order this again without hesitation . pot roast got great reviews ! i did not try it , but it looked lovely . caesar salad again , did not try , but it looked great . caramelized brussels sprouts these were fantastic . for the portion size , however , i thought them way over priced . same with the side of gratin . we ended with the banana wafer pudding , which we all enjoyed . strong banana presence , and dare i say , a touch of speculoos perhaps ? i would definitely go back .
and your fabulous crew welcome to the neighborhood ! we have been waiting for you literally and patience has rewarded us . firstly , i am so glad you took the chance to venture out onto your own , that you picked a neighborhood like the castro , and that you saw the opening through to the , uh . well , the opening ! the ambiance is right for a scrumptuous meal such as i enjoyed last week . the pork cheeks are amazing , the crispy chicken even better . and who a thought i would like kale ? had that the second visit . the staff kudos , and with experience , even more attentive and personable . i like to be surrounded by professionals that are so good i did not even notice them . not quite that , but with a few more nights open and hopefully many years . it seemed the wait staff was intent on my dining experience pleasure . the space is wonderful , and with further success , i hope you will introduce those of us that have not had the delight of dining al fresco in the back garden as soon as you can . i am so glad you are here your creativity , hard work and vision are a boon to me and those who come to the castro . i will tell all my friends !
came here for brunch with a large group of make sure to book your table in advance ! great service , and pretty good food . i got the fried chicken sandwich , which i felt was very tasty but not amazing the chicken was not particularly stand out . the bun was great though ! and word of advice get the french toast . easily the most amazing french toast i have ever had , and i usually dislike french toast !
terrible service with even worse attitude . waitress took to justify her incompetency rather than just fixing it
surprisingly good , especially compared to the choices in the neighborhood . my favorite dish of the night was the scallop crudo , which had avocado , diced pear and some hot peppers , that added some complexity with its heat . never had a dish like this with these combination of ingredients . also good were the pork cheeks , which were more substantial that i would have guessed . for entrees , the black cod served over risotto was good but even better was the pork chop . they recently changed up the menu so that it was no longer served with grits and a honey glaze . rather , it had scalloped potatoes on a bed of sauteed greens . still quite nice . do not think they served any alcohol other than wine . overall , a very nice place to catch up with good friends .
fable is competent food delivered at an price point . it is not fantastic but not a ripoff either . it has a non challenging menu and comfortable and cozy . the back patio is beautiful and the lovely setting in back would be my only reason for returning . otherwise , there are better options , mostly outside of the castro for dining .
. . . the following are to die for eggplantpadron peppersi was beginning to start feeling disappointed in sf restaurants it had been a long time since i felt totally blown away by one . thank you , fable , for showing me otherwise ! great food and great service . i have made reservations to come back .
i got hooked from my first visit . that time i ordered the avocado salad and added grilled chicken . it was perfect . there were fried wonton strips , and the sesame like dressing had full , nutty flavor mmhmm . i ordered a peach italian soda , which was refreshing and not too sweet . service was fast , attentive but not overbearing , and friendly . the second time around was a different experience . i had the bistro burger , and added half an avocado . i ordered it medium rare , and i thought it tasted bland . i think it was under seasoned , and would not order it again . i say stick with the salads . i would come back to try the french toast or sausage and egg entree . on visit , my friends and i sat in the back patio , which was beautiful ! it was like being in mini wonderland missing flying tinkerbells , and i digress . pricing is very reasonable and service was again friendly and relaxed . super clean bathroom which is always a good sign .
the scallop crudo was absolutely delicious , and the cauliflower was very tasty . my friend ordered the black cod topped with dungenous crab . this was a suggestion by the waiter , but honestly , it was too much , very salty and adding the crab took away from the crispiness of the cod . i think both the cod and the dungeness crab would have been better separate from one another . i ordered the vegan beetloaf , which i read some amazing reviews on , but i felt it was very dry and not very tasty and i love beets . overall the experience was moderate , and i do not think i will return .
it is true when people write that we are spoiled living here in francisco regarding our choices in dining . but , fable made me realize that i have also become accustomed to the way dishes are seasoned here in sf . tonight was a revelation in flavoring familiar dishes . the north african spiced chicken breast served with a side of forbidden rice was a wake up call . i have not had those spices in a while and it was a welcome change of pace . the rice contained bits of celery , carrots and fresh , ripe peach . it was a well thought out dish that paired together unexpectedly for me . the soup that we started with was a cauliflower and parsnip mix . served very hot , it was again flavored in a unique way that caught me by surprise . tonight they offered fresh dungeness crab as an addition to any starter so , we included it in their tarragon flavored green goddess salad . this salad included little gem lettuce , beets , shaved pecorino cheese and croutons . service was excellent . we opted for trumer pilsner over a glass of wine tonight . dessert was the fresh berry tart . looking forward to the outdoor space opening soon .
sigh . where to start ? we made reservations here for dinner on a friday night with company in town on a whim after reading many of the reviews . wow . the individuals who have given this place really , even stars must have no expectation of service or quality of food . totally embarrassing after raving about the sf food scene to bring guests here . yo , if you are eating burger king every day this place might be acceptable , but if not , forget it . let us just walk through the embarrassment and disaster of an evening to put it into perspective . we had reservations at and decided to get to the castro early to have a drink somewhere else . no luck . the girls wore bad shoes and needed to sit so we decided to show up to our reservation early to have a drink , take our time , and hope they had a table . well , red flag numero , this place was basically dead at on a friday . undeterred and oblivious to what awaited us , we were sat immediately with choice of table red flag . we took a look at the menu and proceeded to wait mins for our waitress . we then ordered drinks and waited another min to receive them . not exactly setting the tone well but we gave the benefit of the doubt . we watched as the waitress attended to everyone else until finally she came back for us to put in food orders . we ordered appetizers and entrees between of us , of which happened to be the special of the night . after placing our order we waited mins and the waitress returned to tell us only special remained . an intense game of rock paper scissors decided the winner of the special and back to the kitchen went the waitress . mins goes by and we are finally given our appetizers . the pork cheeks were average . anyone saying they some outstanding dish have low expectations . the brussel sprouts were standout so we were hopeful the meal would turn around . well , let me tell you , at this point it is now . the waitress warns us about the wine rule outside no wine after and we laughed it off because hey , it is we have plenty of time . the manager then emerges , tail between his legs , to inform us all of the specials were gone and of the individuals in our party was back to the drawing board . wait , what ? a mostly empty restaurant and it takes you minutes to tell us you screwed up the first time about the specialand none remained ? what the hell is going on back there ? are you actively fishing for the protein ? well , now we are screwed . to top it off our entrees arrive minutes after the admission of the screw up and the subsequent replacement order and it is now . overall , the entrees were average . the duck was dry and overcooked , the tomba tuna had little flavor and the roasted chicken was average . plus we had to chug wine to meet their rule . despite all of the gross mistakes they made we were offered free dessert . wow . what a manager . what an experience . they comped the entree that had to be changed twice . two hours , two appetizers , and three entrees later with comped with about glasses of wine between the of us still ran . despicable . poor staff . average food . overpriced . eat pretty much anywhere else . i will not be back . if you go you are an idiot .
great service . lovely ambiance . friendly , attentive , patient with our questions , professional but not pretentious . laid back and sophisticated at the same time ! braised pork cheek delicious and tender , rounded out well with granny smith apple cider vinaigrette . pot roast great flavor ! loved this dish , really well executed . gratin good , but the consistency was too thin which made it a bit awkward to eat . the flavor was strong and it tasted great , but it seemed more like a soup with odd vegetables . large pieces of onion , squash dominated i ended up dipping my bread in though and it was tasty , not gonna lie . risotto was cooked perfectly . most delicious maybe i have ever had ! cannot wait to return . keep up the great work fable , castro needs more restaurants like you !
great time on patio , food was really good and atmosphere was great ! a little pricey but location was ideal for a night in castro . be warned you cannot drink outside after and we had to finish all our drinks quickly . will return for sure !
this place is beautifully decorated and tucked off the busy castro and street corridor . the front of the restaurant is a bit tight and narrow with the bar featured prominently . not much waiting room inside so make a reservation . my friend made a reservation for our group and we still had to wait a bit to be seated . fable helped with the wait with a few glasses of wine . definitely an appreciated gesture while we had to stand around ! our table shared three of the salads the beet in parchment , the endive salad , and an arugula bread salad . the arugula bread salad was the best of the three . we wanted to try the tart but they were already out of it for the evening . i ordered the beet loaf with mashed potatoes and brussels sprouts . the beet loaf was a great , hearty , vegetarian entree . we shared three desserts , the chocolate mousse , the pineapple upside down cake and a pear crumble with ice cream . the pear dessert was the best . the pineapple upside down cake had some macadamia nuts with it that i was not a fan of and the chocolate mousse was solid . all of the staff were friendly , knowledgeable , and prompt . very professional . you do not always get that at a new restaurant ! i hear they have a cozy patio out back . i am really looking forward to checking it out .
came here on a friday night for my friend birthday with a party of girls total . we got the backyard seating , which was really cutesy with an orange water fountain . we had the beats salad as an appetizer , which was , but i did not like it because of the goat cheese the brussel sprouts had that bitter taste so i did not like it much either , but the mussels was not bad and their broccolini . birthday girl chose this location because she wanted to try their lamb that everyone on yelp raves about , but when we got there , we were told that they changed the menu two days ago what a bummer . she settled with the ribeye , which she loved , and many of us had the porkchop with pomegranate butternut squash . i was not a fan of the butternut squash because it tasted a little different from when i usually eat it , but the porkchop was cooked tender and juicy which was awesome ! we all finished our meals and then brought a cake for our friend . when we got the bill , we saw that they charged us per slice for the cutting fee , which was not on the menu nor did anyone tell us when we got there , which was a major disappointment . they did waive it when we complained , which was nice of them , but it would be better if they told their customers before charging us . other than that , i thought it was cute there and decent , but nothing that wows me to come back .
glad i ventured to the castro for this place ! i was not expecting much , but i was blown away by the food . we ordered all of our server recommendations , and they were spot on . the food was creative and fresh , and so reasonable priced . the tangerine carpaccio with almond , fennel , avocado and habanero oil was incredible ! sat at the high bar near the door , which was . looking forward to the back patio opening in the fall .
it is always a little chancy judging reviews on a restaurant that has been open less than a week . the reviews here seemed gushing and with a free saturday night , we decided to try it . the good the ambiance is great not overly fussy , very classy in fact , a nice use of an odd space . the room handles noise well . we were seated next to a loud party and it was not deafening the way starbelly can be . the patio is not open yet . the service was mostly attentive . the mediocre nothing about the place is bad . the prices are slightly too high for portions that are underwhelming . the food is okay , but not extraordinary . if the food was great , the portion size would probably be forgiven . there is much better food elsewhere in the neighborhood . we had the savory tart both my companion and myself remarked that it tasted like leftovers . the twice baked sweet potato was also something that felt more reheated than inspired . the pork chop was the daintiest chop i have ever seen . the pork cheeks were fine . try it tentatively . the neighborhood has a way of quickly getting rid of the restaurants that are not great food , good values , or interesting menus . sadly , this place at this point has none of those yet .
came here for dinner and was pleasantly surprised at how amazing this place is . i sat at the counter and watched the chefs prepare my meal and it was quite a fun experience watching them work and socializing with them . mateo was my server , and he was outstanding . such a fun personality and very attentive to all my needs , generous pours on the glasses of wine , and made some great recommendations . i had the pork cheeks which were prepared breaded . i think this is the first time i have had them that way but they were outstanding . i also had a halibut dish with some potatoes and veggies and it was outstanding , cooked perfectly , mouth watering . then came a complimentary dessert which sent me over the edge , someone ordered the wrong one or something , so they gave it to me . i was not going to complain ! cap it all off with a few more samples of different wines they had on their menu and i enjoyed every moment dining with the wonderful staff at this restaurant . sadly i do not live there , so i am not sure when i will be back but next time i am in town you are on the top of my list . and , please tell mateo that i found the chateauneuf pape wine he was telling me about , they currently have it at costco with the kirkland brand name on it for a reasonable price .
awesome place . great food . the roast chicken was fantastic . mixed melon salad was so yummy and different . it is hard to find good food in the castro but fable is the real deal . and the host is super sweet !
frist time i went to fable it was two weeks ago sunday around , great weather and we were just looking for a casual restaurant to catch some rays and grab some food . me and my friend was try to looking to seat outside patio because we did not have a reservation they are not able to accommodate table for and patio area it was not that busy . frist we sat down the table by front windows . our waitress come take the drink order . after my friend fell uncomfortable because he is . we moved to the inside table . and later on new waiter come take our food order , i recognized his face from anchor oyster bar , he was a cook there for few years . anyway we order omelet , strawberry pancake and side order french toast . we are looking around , we knowing the restaurant under staff . later our food arrived and on the menu it said strawberry pancake . we only see few slice of strawberry on top . actually it dose have few slice strawberry cook inside the pancake . over all our brunch was not too bad . last sunday last min , we decided to go back to fable again . because we sat inside the restaurant , we do not have a reservation to set outside patio . we saw the waiter from last weekend he is cooking in the kitchen . we know he is a cook and maybe he is also one of the owner . this time we order strawberry pancake to start and then the omelet and med rare burger . later pancake arrived , this time only few slice of strawberry on top without strawberry cook inside the pancake . we ask the waiter where is the strawberry , he said the strawberry do not cook inside the pancake . on the menu strawberry pancake for . why just say pancake with strawberry garnish ? courses takes , i order med rare burger it come rare and the fries and meat no seasoning no favor . same as the omelet . my advice to the restaurant , they need to hire management . and the cook or owner should focusing in the kitchen
for all you regular castro goers out there , we all know that the lively district has seen it is fair share of restaurants come and go . i am keeping my fingers crossed that fable stays . having frequently dined at luna , which was the previous occupant , i was pleasantly surprised to see that a new owner had moved in , putting good use to the long hallway with stylish portraits of fable characters surrounded by a unique and cozy color palette . while the back patio section , with plenty more seating , is not yet open , we were able to secure a seat via reservation in their indoor dining area . we started off our meal with a refreshing beet salad topped off with arugula and a nice tangy dressing . while their menu changes daily , i highly recommend trying one of their salads . all of the salads coming out of the kitchen looked so delicious . and if you are not a salad person , you will surely like the complementary acme bread rolls served with butter and a pinch of sea salt . delicious ! for the main , we decided to share the yellow tail and chicken breast . the yellow tail was quite good with the fish cooked raw in the middle which made for a nice texture and taste . the chicken breast was cooked perfectly with every bite being as savory as the next . we paired both with a side of sweet potatoes which paired well with both meals . and to top it off , dessert . yes , who can forget dessert . there were so many delicious items to choose from we decided to pick two including the sweet and savory chocolate mousse which every mousse fan should try and the pear and cherry crisp topped with ice cream . needless to say the dessert was so good , we found it hard not to lick the plates . i will certainly be coming back for more delicious goodness that fable has to offer !
the service was excellent . the food was inspiring . i had asparagus with lemon and lightly shredded onion rings , meatloaf with cheddar and bacon with garlic mash potatoes , with a strawberry rhubarb crisp . the wine list is extensive and they are very articulate about these , as well as smart non alcoholic choices .
giving a two star due to a few factors . new year eve dinner reservation , we were late , but the place was empty . they sat us on the back patio that had one other couple amongst a sea of empty tables , just inches from the only other occupied table in the restaurant . why ? plenty of other open tables . in order to get up to the restroom , i had to physically move the table next to us in order to get out . they really pack you in . service was slow , even though restaurant still empty . when another couple came in they sat them in between us and the other couple . we literally were sitting foot apart , again , amongst a sea of other empty tables . food was pretty good , but the prefix price was fairly high and especially when they add in an automatic tip . we had leek soup , lobster ceviche , duck ways , kobe beef all very good , but we were hungry again in about an hour . service was slow . when the waiter was tending to us , he was very good , but would disappear . saw that other tables got bread , but we did not . back patio needs a little ambience music , even if very low , would be nice . nothing like having to listen to the people conversation sitting a foot from you . what really makes me compelled to give only two stars , is the fact that i waited outside of the bathroom for a good five minutes . when the person finally came out , it was one of the lines chefs , and i did not hear him wash his hands ! i looked in the sink , and it was dry bviously did not wash his hands ! i can only hope that he washed them when he went into the kitchen ! it took us forever to get our dessert and our bill , which made us late for the party we were going to . this restaurant has great potential , but they really need to concentrate not only on the food , but on the diners experience . cramming us together like sheep then not providing excellent service , is going to keep some of us from coming back again . oh , and make sure your employees wash their hands for heaven sake !
everything about my dining experience here was fantastic . the service was attentive and everything we ordered was thoughtful , creative and fresh . i think this is a new gem of a restaurant in castro . i would definitely go back !
there is only one thing wrong with this restaurant . i left my iphone there late saturday night and i cannot reach anyone at the restaurant this morning , sunday . it is important that i get it back right away . the iphone is displaying my phone numbers . if anyone from the restaurant reads this , please contact me asap . i will take this post down as soon as the phone is in my hands again . thank you . later that same day indeed , fable found my phone and i am a happy customer . i decided not to take the post down but rather to embellish on it . satuday night meal was excellent . we walked in and not only got the window table on a beautiful evening , but we got exemplary service and even a pinot grigio with a pink tint ! it was delicious . and everything i ordered included crab just now in season . it is easy to screw up crab , but fable does not ! check this place out . just do not get so smashed that you leave your two day old iphone behind ! ta ta for now .
love the seasonal menu offerings alongside the staple menu faves pork cheeks are awesome ! . the melon salad with crispy prosciutto is fabulous ! the cucumber salad was no longer on the menu was equally as fabulous . when available as a special dinner item , the duck breast is a must order ! nice selection of wine . service is always friendly . there have been issues with making reservations via opentable make sure you get an email confirmation .
wonderful little spot , cozy ambiance . we went for dinner and it was delicious . it is a little pricier than you might expect , which is why i am giving it stars , but i would definitely return i would love to try some of their other dishes !
a good restaurant in the castro serving tasty french , california food is overdue . fable seems dependable and capable of turning out flavorful , well prepared food that is slightly overpriced . main dishes were and up which puts it into competition with some renowned sf restaurants that are more daring and flavorful . we ate lightly and had the duck confit salad and short ribs main dish . the duck confit was tasty but too much dressing turned the pile of greens into a sodden mess . the short ribs were tasty but seems overpriced at ! if fable wants to compete at those prices , it cannot have misses like the salad , and it will have to amp up the short ribs .
i am really sad that i am giving this place only stars maybe it is because i had such high expectations for it . the ambiance was super romantic , and there was even a cute outdoor eating area in the back . we started with the scallop crudo , which was delicious . the scallops were perfect and tangy , and the bed of greens it was on was nice and light . i ordered the lamb special , and it came out with thinly sliced pieces of lamb on top of mashed potatoes and greens . the lamb was cooked fine , but was kind of cold , which makes me really sad and hence the three stars . the mashed potatoes were nothing special , and the greens were just raw greens thrown on the plate . my friend got the pork chop and remarked that it was not overcooked , but was not spectacular . for dessert , he got the chocolate mousse , which was standard . i got the ginger cake , which i loved for its uniqueness . while it was not the best cake i have had , i would say it was my favorite part of our meal . i think for the price , however , we expected something a little more .
fable is castro newest addition and has definitely lived up to the excitement awaiting their opening . since they first opened their doors , i have been back several times , apparently on a mission now to try everything on the menu and then some . the food is delicious , the staff is friendly and accommodating and the wine selection is excellent . basically its a cozy restaurant that will leave your tastebuds saying whoah . the endive salad is dainty , beautifully stacked and has a perfect balance of crunch . the porkchop is plump , juicy and cooked to perfection . the chocolate mousse to die for . all of their dishes are delicious and guaranteed to leave you pleased .
i wanted to eat somewhere i would never been tonight as i live in the neighborhood . fable was my choice . i walked in , by myself , at , and asked if they had a seat at the bar for one . i was told by the host there to wait outside it would be just a minute . i waited outside for twenty minutes to a host that never came back . i felt like an idiot , popping my head in to see how things were progressing . to busy to care i guess . they need to figure out how to ask people to wait outside and then not have a host to busy to do his job . bummer .
wow wow wow wow wow wows ! great find in the castro district . baby back ribs where the meat falls off the bone risotto was delicious crab mac cheese followed by incredible german chocolate cake and a delightful cobbler . a definitely must eat . thanks mateo for helping us celebrate our wedding anniversary .
great place in the castro , the food has been consistently very good . they do a great job to make you feel welcome and to have a memorable dining experience .
fable is still relatively new but they seem to have settled in and have their sea legs . long and short of it , fable serves very good food , provides very good and caring service and is a very nice venue . i started my meal with a sweet corn bisque . happily this was not some too sweet , cream based diet busting bowl of soup . rather it was based on a light broth that was filled with corn , potatoes , and some very nice and subtle spicing that brought the bowl to life . great . dijon crusted pork cheeks came with lacinato kale and granny smith apples . bullseye ! another big winner . the mustard perfectly complemented the braised , tender , not too fatty pork cheeks . the kale was a mellowing influence on the plate that was highlighted by the apples . wonderful . next a main of leg of lamb that came with a potato patty and freshly braised vegetables . the lamb was nicely cooked to medium rare but it is taste was so ephemeral that it might have been beef . the vegetables and potato were nicely done . so , the weakest plate of my meal was only very good . my pour of pinot noir was generous as were the portions of each course . pricing is very fair given the quality of the food . i will certainly come back and you should try this place .
very good and cute neighborhood spot in the castro . i had squash blossom risotto , which the server helpfully noted could be made non vegan if i was not vegan , so used cheese and butter . i think that helped a lot . fried green tomatoes on the side were also lovely . everything was very nice nothing out of this world , but all very good . service was excellent .
we had a date night here tonight and the food was fabulous from beginning to end . we started with the gem salad with green goddess dressing and tuna salad . both salads were superb . our main courses were the lamb and the pot roast . the lamb was medium rare and tender . the pot roast was beefy and tender . delicious . dessert was the dark chocolate mousse with caramel whipped cream , and sourdough bread pudding in a cherry sauce . wonderful . do not hesitate go eat here . you will not be sorry . oh , service was also terrific from the greeting from the host to our server to the man who prepared our salads and desserts . we ate at the counter . the food was prepped and plated carefully and presented well . we will be returning .
delicious ! we shared the cucumber watermelon salad very refreshing . artichoke with crab appetizer was perfectly cooked lots of crab ! the salmon entree with fava beans was a nice portion very flavorful ! we finished off with the lava habanero cake for dessert had the perfect heat . to top it off our waitress was fabulous ! i do not remember her name but she was great . i wish i could afford to eat there every night ! thank you fable for being one of the few restaurants in the castro that rocks ! see you soon !
my wife and i tried fable for the first time over the weekend and based on our experience it deserves the great reviews . here are some of the highlights the ambiance is warm and inviting . fable dining area is an intimate space , with interesting etched glass windows and dark wood throughout . we had a cozy table for two , and although the noise level was energetic , we never felt like we had to shout at each other to enjoy our conversation over a great bottle of wine . the food was very good . we started with some wonderful figs with maytag blue cheese , and for entrees , my wife had a cod dish over risotto , and i had the center cut pork chop . we also shared a dish of the caramelized brussel sprouts . everything was excellent . the deserts were good , but unmemorable definitely not the highlight of the meal . we had a couple of minor mix ups with our orders , otherwise , we would have given fable stars . the waitstaff was eager to please , though , and offered us our desserts for free , which was very much appreciated . regardless , based on this one experience , i would definitely recommend this place to friends and it is likely that we will be going back at some point .
its a pity we did not even get to eat here and i am having to write a one star review . my husband and i were super excited about coming here for dinner . as we were walking in , the menu at the door caught my eye and i got engrossed in reading it . my husband in the meantime walked in and asked to be seated and asked where the bathroom was . and to his surprise , the dapper looking black host refused to let him go to the bathroom till we ordered our food . i stood at the door , in disbelief and stunned at his rudeness . i told my husband right away that i did not want to dine at a place where they treat their customers like this . the host made no effort to apologize or stop us , in fact , as we left he said have a good day in his best mocking voice .
the service was excellent , making a reservation was no problem and easy . when my party arrived , you immediately notice all the adult take of fable characters spread across the whole restaurant . the restaurant is a long narrow space that stretches all the way in and ends at an outdoor patio space . i liked the decor , it is very sophisticated , but yet somewhat playful . upon our arrival , they let us know that their restaurant was packed so while our table was ready , we were short a chair . that left us one girl standing for awhile until someone managed to bring a chair over . mind you , that was about minutes after our arrival . as an apology , they have offered to give us either complimentary wine or dessert . the table ordered the beet loaf , duck , and the pork chops , and the chicken . the chicken was a little dry so that was not the favorite . the beet loaf was interesting . it has a bit of a sour tone to it , but i cannot say it is completely disgusting . it is definitely interesting , i really do not know how else to describe it . the duck was decent , not the best nor worst . the cauliflower and asparagus side dishes were good . overall , the food was not bad , the owner comp our dessert so that was nice of them to make up for their mistake . not a bad place and i would not mind returning , but in order to earn more stars from me , they need to step up their game .
my partner and i were in francisco for pride and we stumbled upon fable while exploring the castro . we walked in and needed no reservations . that was a plus . . we were seated in their cute patio out back , which not many restaurants have in the area . we had a bottle of wine and ordered the artichoke hearts with aioli and shrimp sauce . it was great . for our main meals we had salads . the little gem salad my partners and i had some cucumber yogurt salad and it was great ! we also shard their cheese baked pasta . all in all i recommended this place to everyone . cute atmosphere .
my honey took me here for my birthday . it was fabulous ! the service was outstanding , and all our entre were superb and on point . i really loved their duck salad and their chocolate mouse dessert . the interior is romantic and classy but casual enough to make you feel at home . we will definitely be back and i highly recommend !
we came here for brunch . the friendly service was the highlight , with a nice atmosphere . it was disappointing that it came up as a vegan choice on yelp , but there were no vegan options on the menu . this left me with toast , avocado and a fruit cup . the non vegans with me were very happy with their food .
i ate at fable while visiting francisco with my family . we all have different tastes and there is a vegetarian so selecting a place to eat that has good proteins and vegetarian options can be tricky . fable reviews looked good thanks , yelp ! so we stopped in . we did not have a reservation , but the receptionist was helpful in finding us a group seating at the bar . we were seated , and then a corner freed up so they suggested we move so we could talk easier . i do not have enough good things to say about the staff our server was excellent and made sure we had everything we needed to enjoy the food . the food . i got pork belly and scallops . the scallops were cooked perfectly . by the end of the meal , not one bit of food was left on anyone plate . success !
i came here for a girls dinner in december , and my cioppino was amazing . some may not enjoy the fact that the crab has to be cracked , but i dug right in . we shared a bunch of appetizers that were also delicious . thumbs up .
requested patio seating in reservation made on open table . got to restaurant party ahead of us did not have reservation , but knew a line cook that party was seated on patio where we had requested . when this was pointed out to ma after checking opentable he came back and admitted that yes , we had requested the patio . ma blamed it on oversight , offered to move tables to patio , which would have been extremely obtrusive , excessive , and embarrassing . no other effort was made to remedy this grievous and egregious oversight on the part of the inadequate management visit fablle only if you know one of employees and want a good table . food is adequate , there are other restaurants in the neighborhood with equal or better food and superior service . do not go to this restaurant . bad bad bad experience all around .
i had an absolutely fantastic experience at fable sunday night . we actually only discovered that they have been open for a little while now by checking the web . it was a wonderful surprise to have a new restaurant open in our hood and to find that the food was so good . plus , they have really improved the decor and ambience of this space . someone has a good eye for presentation and it shows . we had a couple rounds of tasty wine to accompany our appetizer and main courses . we shared the special soft crab mixed salad , which was fresh , well seasoned , and just enough to tide us over til the main event . i had the pot roast , he had the wild salmon and neither could have been more content . the pot roast was obviously carefully slow roasted and produced a really tasty gravy to dip the mashed potatoes and veggies in . there were carrots , asparagus , fava beans , and i believe tiny cherries . it was awesome ! ordinarily i would pass on dessert but i figured i had to top off such a pleasant experience with something sweet . the chocolate mousse salted caramel whipped cream fit the bill . it was light but such a nice treat . all in all , fable is great and we will definitely be returning soon !
great place . really nice outdoor eating area in the back of the restaurant . all of our plates were really delicious but the roast duck special and the soft shell crab sliders were particularly good . the staff are really friendly and give great service . matt took good care of us and we had a fun evening .
good place and the chef and staff are really making a percent effort . reservations definitely recommended . it is nice to see the restaurant scene in the castro starting to improve with the additions of starbelly , frances and now fable in the past few years .
fable , how have i forgotten to review you ? fable is awesome . in the kitchen is amazing and eric runs the dinning room . the service is professional , and relaxed . food is quality , interesting , and delicious . i have enjoyed dinner here a few times and each time it gets better . keep up the good work boys , thank you .
top notch all the way . chef victor has created an excellent dining experience with farm to table perfection . victor had mentioned that ben robert craft butcher gambrell in daly city are using some of the same purveyors . it was quite evident in that ben meats are excellent . the menu is eclectic and delicious . my wife patricia and daughter gina were very happy with this unique and delicious dining experience . will visit fable real soon !
i have heard lots about this place so needed to try it out for myself . our server was a bit spacey and rather inattentive . water never put down and asking for butter was took about minutes . also to make bad things worse we were still working on appetizers when our entrees arrived . the icing on the cake was when we were told we were not allowed to continue drinking our wine after ! the food was good but the service was unacceptable . i now understand why this place is regularly empty . there are too many good food options in sf for this place to be around .
brunch today was tasty , but service was terrible . of us arrived shortly after and were seated even though we did not have a reservation . we acknowledged that we could be finished by . orders were taken , coffee poured , and we did not see the serving person nikki again . we asked three times for coffee refill and twice for outside heater to be turned on . another server finally poured more coffee . we had to ask twice for syrup for pancakes . virtually no service from our desinated server . thank gooness for the male busser .
by far the best brunch i have had in years . this place completely surprised me . it opened with no fanfare , and the food was only decent at first , but it is consistently become better and better , to the point where it is my new favorite restaurant in the area , alongside frances . their brunch service must have just started a couple months ago , when they opened the huge patio in the back . beautiful garden , great service , incredible brunch and very good dinner .
i have written a review about fable before , i feel compelled to write another . i went last night with friends and it was insanely delicious . we started with lamb meatballs and deviled eggs a special . they were both mouth watering ! the deviled eggs were something like i have never seen . they had roe eggs on top , it might sound strange but trust me , they were fantastic . i had salmon for my entree . it was served encrusted in delicious herbs , i wish i recall what herbs to share on this review but . the salmon was served over a type of pancake and in between the pancake and salmon were grilled greens . holy schmoly . sooooo fantastic !
i enjoy the castro on the weekend . a lot of people are out and having a good time . my friend and i decided to try out fable based on the yelp reviews . we had a late reservation . the restaurant is cute and intimate . our service was great . ordered heirloom tomato salad and pork cheeks salad . both very good . tomato salad was refreshing and pork cheeks was tasty . salmon was cooked medium rare over vegetale rice . healthy and delightful . brussel sprouts and white corn side dishes were a compliment to our dinner . coconut cream cake with berries and baked peach cobbler were amazing . save the best for last . service was welcoming ! great find !
unbelievably delicious and healthy ! so rare to find that combo ! the ambiance was so cozy and romantic . totally forgot i was in a city . very welcoming service and the patio is adorable . this one is on my list of favorite date spots in the city .
i love this place . the portions and quality match the cost . the wine selection is great . the service is great . i have been there twice once with a group on their gorgeous patio and once with the misses on a weekend date . it is one of my favorite places in the city . everything i have had there i enjoyed .
very nice brunch here today with friends . the service was really efficient and friendly . and the food was great . it is hard to make an impressive omelet but today was fantastic . really light and fluffy enough so to make we want to write a review about it ! also , they offer you to order pancake for just and it was nicely plated with pecans and a dusting of powdered sugar and syrup . tasted kind of crepe like . so delicious ! i have been here before and should get back more often .
this is a neighborhood gem . which is good because the neighborhood needs more gems . the menu is constantly changing and very well thought through . wine list is good and matches the fare well . if this restaurant only had a full bar , it would be close to perfect . service is very good , attentive but not overly present .
i read about this place and the reviews were so true ! place is adorable , breakfast was epic , and exactly all the choices we wanted . you have to get the pancakes , they are the best i have ever had !
cute place for a brunch except for the service . the food was good but it took an hour to come out . the waitress kept forgetting about us and did not bring drinks until right before the food . at one point , she said someone poured the drinks for her but she never brought it . took an half hour after that as i watched her make the drinks . we had to flag down waitstaff multiple time to ask when the food drinks are coming . maybe this is a one off but the service was just plain bad .
went for my birthday . the cioppino . one of the best restaurants i have been to in a long time , everything we order and the service was on point . cannot wait to go back .
pretty much the best option for a nice dinner in the castro . it is not as hard to get a reservation ahem frances and the price point is fair . it is very cozy inside but it never felt cramped . service was five star and i appreciated that they could accommodate our dietary restrictions .
really great little place in the old luna spot . great decor fable focused paintings line the walls . excellent service . dinner for four included pork chop deliciouscrispy chicken excellentpea soup deliciousroasted artichoke good slightly bitter mac cheese excellentchocolate mousse good , slightly dense for a moussedef worth trying out . the patio should be open late summer . would have a loved a full bar . beer wine only . maybe the menu items could reference fables mary had a little lamb stewthis little piggy pork chopcrispy chicken little . def going back .
heating lamps were too hot out back , but the pork chop was very good
this place is great ! we went here for dinner and sat outside , i had the rabbit dish . it is a bit pricey but we had an amazing meal and a great experience . the decor is super cute . i would recommend it for a date night or small group .
nice , cute restaurant . the appetizers were really good , but the main courses were a bit skimpy . felt like the size of my main was similar to that of the appetizer pork cheeks . overall , the dishes tasted good but nothing mind blowing .
great food , great atmosphere , great service ! highly recommend . they also have patio seating which would be lovely on a nice day .
delicious food and great service , but do not ask the waitress for a wine recommendation . or if you do , ask her the price . we ordered the wine she suggested , discovering at the end of the meal that it was the most expensive bottle they offer . i nearly threw up when i got the bill . as much as i enjoyed the meal , i will not be back because that feeling of having been burned will linger .
service was very good . expensive food , there are other places to try . this was my second time there . small pork chop , asked for med , got rare . very little food , very big price . i guess that is why it is a fable .
all around excellent . well crafted menu , great appetizers , really dense rich dessert . service was excellent and friendly but not overwhelming . only complaint is the table in the hall way are cramped and near the bathroom . considering the interior space that is inevitable . going to come back soon for brunch . definitely recommend .
honestly delicious ! cutesy romantic little neighborhood vibe place . it is an amazing find , and not overrun or uber trendified . great wine list . nice waiter . food was outstanding . caesar with little gem lettuce was zesty and the chicken stuffed spinach and gruyere was cooked to perfection . i will be back . often !
this restaurant totally surprised me . in a good way ! first of all , having spent plenty of time in the castro specifically and in lots of sf restaurants generally , this one was not even on my list of great places to try i keep a running list do not you ? boy it should have been ! to start with , the restaurant is adorable on the inside i would go back just to sit at the bar and enjoy the food ! the food was , all the way . it stands on it is own just for the strength of the food definitely on par with any restaurant i have tried in the i have lived in the bay and there have been many ! the only reason for the instead of was the deviled eggs appetizer was a miss for me . we ordered appetizers to share , plus an entree , and all the others were near perfect . however add on the impeccable service , plus the great staff , and fable stands apart . this is the very first i have given on yelp , and it is well deserved . then , the owner asked about our service on the way out , and gave us a tour of the place , replete with the back patio that will open soon . too bad no live music because of neighbors , but it promises to be great ! i highly recommend fable , and will be back often !
the food was delicious ! due to a private party , the service was really slow , but otherwise it was a great dinner .
this place is really hit or miss . went here for dinner last year and it was enjoyable . this time around , went for brunch and service was not that great and the food was not that good who runs out of bloody mary mix over weekend brunch ? they did not seem that busy to me either . it was hard to catch our waiter eye and when we asked for something , he would forget . luckily one of the other waiters was more on top of things and was able to grab what we needed . also , the host was sweating so hard that he was emitting . . , which was quite unpleasant when he would walk by us . i do not think we will be back .
excellent meal and service last nice . great for sharing . price point is reasonable . glad that the castro is getting some decent restaurants .
i really enjoy my dining experience here . the food was great , and the wait staff was really friendly and accommodating . i would totally recommend this restaurant .
love the storybook idea but it only applied to the font on the menu . i was hoping there would be more of a fable theme in the restaurant but then i guess it could veer into super cheesy . get the quinoa stuffed portobello mushroom , beautifully charred and offset with some kind of tangy creamy sauce and grilled squashes . waitstaff is incredible . so helpful and courteous .
actually there is nothing to complain about , but somehow something is missing . we went twice already but i am not a big fan . it is a little pricey for relatively boring food . i got lucky , the pork belly is great , but the stuff my friends got looked and tasted really boring .
we had a reservation for , arrived at and told the staff we had an event at . we were seated ate some delicious food and still made it to our show . thank you eric for being so sweet ! definitely return
the new castro restaurant fable was really good . food tends to have bold flavors with some creativity . service was good too . seating is a bit hard due to demand . special fried soft shell crab was very tasty . tuna tartare was some of the best i have tried . leg of lamb was good and the blue cheese broccoli gratin was quite flavorful . usually do not do dessert , but the bitter sweet chocolate carmel moose with sea salt was worth the . overall great choice if you can get in .
foood is delicious . wine is really great . ambience is fun .
fable is a great choice for brunch if you find yourself in the castro on a weekend morning . it is conveniently located between on castro , so street parking can be tough , but if you go up the hill toward a bit , you may get lucky . the brunch food is fresh and well prepared and the servers are super sweet . there are a couple of tables on the front sidewalk , but the best seats are on the often sunny back patio . they are also open for dinner , though i think brunch is the better kept secret .
we had to wait minutes past our reservation time but the staff was apologetic about the wait . other than that glitch , we had a great dinner here . the braised pork cheeks were my favorite , though they are very mustard . the kale apple shallot mix that accompanies it was really refreshing , i could probably eat a whole bowl of that alone . i got the crispy skinned chicken breast as my main . i did not find the chicken to be particularly remarkable but i did like the strawberry salad on the side . finally , we shared a chocolate mousse , and the salt on top i think it was chipotle salt ? not sure was a nice added touch . the restaurant is adorably decorated inside . great date place , not so much for groups .
so goooood ! one of those places where anything you try on the menu is really good . great , refreshingly innovative dishes . really nice staff , too ! the waiter was patient and advised us what to order when we had to dine quick !
cioppino was the winner entree but steak could have been a bit more flavorful . service is good and resto has a cozy feeling into it .
the boyfriend and i had a wonderful dinner here . still recovering from the gaping hole left from the demise of luna , we finally dropped by fable for dinner . we sat at the bar , by choice , and truly enjoyed ourselves . the pork cheeks were delicious , the pot roast savory and indulgent , and the duck was crispy skinned , savory goodness . we followed all of this with a glass of hearty cabernet and the chocolate mousse , both of which were fantastic and perfectly paired . the service was attentive and fun , the conversation with john part owner chef was insightful and lovely . i could not be more positive about this place . i truly hope it sticks around , as i am sure it will become a regular visit for us . catch , poesia , others in the castro just got some competition . and we are glad to have it !
came for sunday brunch having made a reservation at for . we were seated after a minute wait . the waiter stopped by and then disappeared for minutes before taking our order . we make our lemonade with lime , is that ? no , if i wanted limeade , i would not have asked for lemonade . more minutes before the food arrives . it took requests to get ketchup . the burger was awesome , if a bit over cooked . husband liked his salad but not worth and the horrible service .
finally made it back to fable and they did not disappoint . again , great food made with fresh , quality ingredients put together by a passionate chef results in a tasty and most enjoyable dining experience .
i spent a good bit of time trying to decide between four stars and three . let us list the good and the not so good good the pork cheek appetizer was excellent . it was the first time in my life that i have actually enjoyed kale . friendly staff meat of duck cooked a nice medium . i love duck , but hate when it is cooked to well done . plus , the fat was rendered out properly as well . tasty chocolate mousse , and could tell it was fresh since mousse gets rubbery if it sits too long . not so good duck was slightly underseasoned , and skin was not crispy . the latter was probably due to the sauce not really qualifying as such since it was a pool of watery bitter apple juice pooled at the bottom of the plate . which may have contributed to the accompanying lentils being waterlogged as well as grossly overcooked . they were closer to a puree state than anything . as my meal progressed , my server came less and less often though the restaurant was clearing out as it was past , leaving me staring at my plates or the counter . i said a word about it to one of the staff who turned out to be the owner , and was then practically bombarded with service , including comp my dessert because of what had happened . and a recommendation for your next staff meeting , make sure you have a policy on communicating the comp to the guest , as i was told by both the server and the owner that they were personally buying me the mousse . does that mean i get two ? good thing i checked my bill because they had accidentally charged two bottles of wine that i had not ordered to my check , tripling it . i realize that the service errors listed above are all due to fable being open a grand total of days , thus this being their first saturday night . i was still a good girl though and made sure to tip the comp dessert amount . my overall impression was good , but there are some things to fix , and i figure a three star rating aptly describes my experience .
the service was good . the food looked amazing and done right , but just tasted okay . watching people try to open the front door with a bad lock handle was definitely entertaining .
had an awesome dinner saturday night , a last minute decision since our other restaurant choice up the street was packed . like oysters in a can packed . we did not want to wait so we crossed the street and found fable by chance . fable was closing soon , but they accomodated us without any hesitation , which was nice . we were the last ones in and the last ones out but we did not feel rushed whatsoever . so lots of points for that . waitstaff was attentive and polite . there were two of us and we each ordered apps and entrees and dessert . we decided to forgo any wine , but the list looks quite nice . instead i had a great burdock and dandelion soda , very interesting . not overly sweet , which was great . my salad was amazing . fresh and flavorful , lettuces crisp , the bleu cheese not overpowering , the beets on the side deeply imbued with natural , intense beet flavor not pickled or sugary . my friend crab mac cheese was awesome as well , i had a few bites . friend had mary fried chicken and it was excellent . i went with the special that night , which was fusilli with prawns and radishes . i thought , radishes ? would they be raw , slivered thinly and sprinkled on top ? well , they were fresh , but cooked a bit and incorporated into the dish . they offered a still crunchy bite . the sauce was amazingly tasty with a subtle buttery finish . it did not contain any cheese , which was a plus . i am a fan of cheese on pasta but prefer shellfish or fish pasta dishes without cheese . dessert was great too my friend said it was the german chocolate cake he would ever had , and my goat cheese cheese cake with raspberries was a perfect finishing touch . it was different , of course , but i loved the slightly musty tang that the goat cheese provided . so i may have to come back just to check out the back patio dining area , , which looks like it would be a lovely brunch option . all in all , fable is a definite bright spot on castro street as far as food is concerned . decor was cheeky and hip , the antler lamps were interesting , as were the comical animal prints , art deco inspired animal etched mirrors , etc . will definitely be coming back !
i am so happy to have another great restaurant in the castro ! the cauliflower soup was great and i will definitely be back again for the duck . great staff , great atmosphere you have got to try it !
i wandered into this place last weekend . what a great addition to the restaurant options in the castro . happy staff , yummy menu . two thumbs up on the pancetta mushroom tart and the pork cheeks ! they have a huge patio out back but i was informed that wont be open for a few months . just in time for the good weather .
stylish , yet casual . absolutely terrific modern american food with some nice little twists . service is warm yet professional . an outstanding addition to the neighborhood !
i wanted to try this new restaurant in the castro , so i dragged the bf to fable . after a rocky start we had to wait over minutes for a table for two , we were very , very pleasantly surprised by the very nice and attentive waitress and the taste of every dish we had . we had the melon and avocado salad , tuna tartare with tr especially yummy crostini , pork chop , and saut ed white corn . we finished it with the strawberry rhubarb crisp ! i cannot say anything negative about the food or the service ! i am so glad it is there and will most definitely return soon !
i am a year old and i had the best food ever here all the food was delicious and the owner knows my family . and the people who had a terrible time here try it again !
excellent food , excellent service . nice , intimate ambience . really enjoyed all of the food from salad to desert . my date and i tried two different deserts , both of which were delicious and had a touch of an unexpected flavor that worked really well . cannot afford to eat here regularly yet , but will come back sometime .
cozy backyard ! it was a little cold but the heat lamps worked well . food was good and well prepared . wine recommended was good too . service was excellent . they had to stop serving alcohol after due to neighbors . will be back if in the area .
wow ! great food and great service ! loved the pork chop ! everything we had was fresh and cooked just perfectly . cannot wait for the back deck to open up .
yum ! glad for a great new restaurant in the neighborhood ! hopefully other places will step up their game . nice space . food was excellent , service is friendly and professional .
i am reluctant to write the review , because i do not want the place to become so popular i cannot get in again . a great addition to a neighborhood desperately in need of good dining options . the service was very attentive , the food very good , the atmosphere fun . it is a small space , but a good vibe . eric , the owner , was on the ball working the place making sure everything was going well . give it a try
the food is very good . the patio is a nice setting very francisco . the waiter , however , was shut down and cold . in spite of the him , we enjoyed our meal .
wow i cannot believe someone would say this place is pricy ! this is francisco after all and all the entrees were priced under and they were all fantastic . the swordfish portion in particular was as big as i have had in other fine dining establishments in sf and just as tasty . there was nothing that was a dud , we had duck , pot roast and the pork chop as well . the pork chop was one of the best i have ever had . i hope they can keep up the deliciousness when they expand and open the back patio . service was efficient and the wine list was not overwhelming with great price points to match the food . will be back for sure .
not impressed . do not seat us at the fricken bar when we can see empty tables the entire time we are there . skimpy wine pours at ridiculous prices and had to lasso someone for service . , actually had to ask some guy if he worked there it was the chef on his day off working on holiday menus . never , ever again . food was not worthy .
pretty disappointing evening , and it will be hard to think of returning . after having gone to fable on several occasions , and having enjoyed some very good meals there , we made a reservation weeks in advance for a friday night . we had to make a last minute change to add one person and were assured there would be no problem to do so . we showed up at the appointed hour and ultimately left at , still waiting for a table that was clearly not going to materialize indeed , as we walked out , the people at the table we were waiting for were being served their entree . in the end , who knows who was at fault , but it does seem that a restaurant that is looking to establish itself in the neighborhood would be more attentive and seek to provide better service . it is not clear what the purpose of making a reservation really is if by minutes after the appointed hour you are still standing there waiting . to be fair , they offered us a spot at the bar area that faces the open kitchen although it not clear how much longer that would have taken . all in all , really disappointing , especially given how much we had enjoyed the food in the past . not sure we will return and it is hard to recommend a restaurant with this kind of service given the many , superb options in sf . really too bad . but i wish them well .
i rarely write yelp reviews because i am in the industry and deal with guests and food for a living . last night however was so lovely and perfect that i am compelled to share what fable is doing right . first , i thought a soft open would mean easily getting a table , they have only been open about days , how many people could possibly know about it yet ? wrong . packed to the rafters on a friday night . byron did everything right to make the wait for a table a pleasure . we were offered wine . we were graciously moved out of the way . we were seated at the perfect table when we sat down . service begins at the front door , and fable gets stars for managing the wait beautifully . our server was attentive , never intrusive , and coursed our meal perfectly . we always had silverware , we always had water , and there were never crumbs on the table . stars there as well . the meal itself was perfect . we started with pork cheeks , beets and goat cheese in parchment . unusual offerings that were executed perfectly . we moved on to pot roast and salmon , again , perfect . cheese plate and chocolate for dessert . amazing . another stars . what impressed me the most about fable was the understated elegance . from the initial greet , to the impeccable service , to the perfectly executed food . with lovely ambiance . packed room that still managed to feel intimate . fable did everything right . impressive when they have only been open for a week . they have set a very high bar for themselves and if last night was any indication , they will have no problem keeping the momentum .
to anyone who is looking to have a wonderful dining experience , fable is your place . i absolutely loved it . the food is to die for . the service is unbelievable . they have been around a year and i only just heard about the place from a friend who has been a few times . i do not know who the chef is but he is a god . i do not know who the person was who served us last night but he was amazing . it is a small place and once it becomes popular it will be impossible to get in . go check it out . it will be a night you will not regret . my new favorite by far . thank you fable for such a lovely experience .
when i first went to this place , it was so good . that i made reservations for the following week , after paying the bill . so i never thought i would be writing this , but . the attention to detail is faltering already . the plate i ordered last night had things on the plate , that were each at different temperatures . the lamb was cold and of the sides . one was hot and the other was tepid . the bread was also tough last night , make your own mind up about it . but with so many great options available down on valencia st . . my advise to the chef is . details , details . details .
food . superb food . wife had the duck and i had the tip . both were very good with excellent flavors . do not need to get a side but i have to say the squash side was amazingly good . service . attentive , friendly , and slightly awkward . vibe . i really liked the small restaurant and laid back vide . we were seated right next to the bar which was a bit of a pity .
it is a breath of fresh air to have a restaurant in the castro that serves fine dining and does it really well . i had the pork chop and boy was it divine . it was juicy , a nice cut of meat and very tender . also had a side of the vegetable creme something and that had some great flavors as well . friends had the duck sausage and he said it was really good . the appetizers were good too . calamari was decent and some tuna tartare was really good with the right amount of spices . this place is definitely worth checking out again . decor and overall ambiance is so so and this has to do i think with the setup of the place itself where the place does not open up and where the hallway somehow opens up more in the back . patio is closed for now and i think that patio would be great for not so cold nights where one would like to eat in an outdoor setting .
this was a great experience . yes there was a short wait for our table but the staff kept us informed about the situation , we had our wine and really i do go out to eat to relax and enjoy the company of my friends . the food was excellent and the service thank you ramsey was very attentive , friendly and helpful . i live right around the corner and i am sure i will be back often . they also told us that brunch has been added to the schedule , i predict french toast in my near future .
chef hearnsberger , the main owner and formerly of woodfish grill is an outstanding chef . fable is a gorgeous little place with a charming interior and lovely patio out back . the food and service really are impressive quite possibly the best restaurant in the castro and one of the best gems in the city . regardless of your tastes and preferences in food and dining options , you and your friends should at least give this place a onceover . it is definitely worth it .
my daughter i enjoyed a wonderful dinner at fable . we loved all the dishes the duck confit scallop ! . and the wine local pinot noir suggestion from our server was a beautiful compliment to our dinner ! i plan to search out a couple of bottles we could not say enough about the impeccable service , which included all the staff , everyone from the host who seated us to our table service , and of course the servers ! fable is quite small , and so reservations are probably a good idea . we did hear their opening a patio area come late spring summer ! we will be back to check out the new outside seating !
the slowly receding memories last night from my fable experience continue to linger as dancing thoughts of the banana pudding haunt my consciousness . the dessert aside , my second visit to fable impressed me once again . this time i noticed the chef standing proudly in front of his open kitchen approving and making final touches to every dish that make their exit from the hands of the subordinate sous chefs . the menu is consistently fresh with new dishes to reflect the current available meats and vegetables . i was pleased with my prime rib and the original preparation of the potatoes . the staff are always pleasant and tentative to your needs . when your feeling like a night out in the castro hit this place up .
the service was terrible . just terrible . our waitress did not seem to give a sh about us and neither of us , my friend and i , felt welcome at this place . the food pretty good , although more expensive than it was worth , and that is the only reason it did not get one star . i do not recommend and i will not be eating there again .
had to write an update and send my compliments to and his team for the best new years eve dinner ever ! every detail was thought out so beautifully and the food was incredible . so often fixe tastes . fixed . this was not the case at fable . the food was just amazing , the atmosphere was festive and lively , and we enjoyed every moment . book us for next year !
this place is amazing ! great service and super accommodating . they did not have a table for us when we got there , but they took our number so we could go have a drink while we waited . the food is incredible i had the pork tenderloin with their homemade hot sauce and black eyed pea cake best pork i have ever had . my sister had the salmon which she loved , and my friend had the chicken . all great . nice wine selection , too ! byron the host and ramsey our waiter were a couple of other highlights so nice and attentive . we literally hugged them when we left ! we will definitely be back here , especially when the patio is open in the back .
i am ever so glad that fable is here and that is back ! i have been to fable three times now , and each time i leave more and more crazy about it . we have never had to wait more than ten minutes to be seated and once was on mother day ! another time , i wandered in with a friend during a packed evening , thinking it would be a huge wait , and instead we were seated immediately at the bar , which we loved . the food is amazing the wine list is interesting and very reasonably priced , and the staff has been lovely . i am not sure of the name of the host but he is helpful , fun and professional . this is our new favorite neighborhood spot and we are thrilled . word on the street castro street is that brunch is coming soon . yum .
pretty mediocre all the way around . one server was very pleasant but batty . other server was unpleasant at best . host is your stereotypical queen , polite but with an attitude that is ready to strike should you cross her . food is not bad but far from great .
fantastic ! i went last thursday with my family diners in total and there was not space in the restaurant , so they fit us in the bar , right in front of everyone preparing our food . perfect ! it was amazing to see our dishes made literally right in front of us . but this place is not just about atmosphere the food really shines through . of all the dishes i tasted , my favorite was definitely the lamb among the fish , duck , and steak dishes i tried . it just hit all the right notes for me , although it was very difficult to decide which was best . i was a little too nervous to try the beetloaf , although having tried all those other dishes i am sure hoping to return and try it . this is definitely my new favorite restaurant in the castro and hopefully will be returning soon .
i had no expectations when i came here for dinner a while ago , and was pleasantly surprised . our server was the friendliest and smiliest server i have seen in a while . we kept asking her lots of questions about the menu they were legit questions , but we also liked talking to her , so had to keep asking questions . we shared several appetizers and side dishes . everything was fresh and tasty . the bread they serve was a nice crusty one , a free plus .
we found this terrific little place while shopping in the castro . totally impressed ! efficient service , napkins that stay on your lap , yummy acme bread with good salt . the pork cheeks were so intriguing . the composed salad very refreshing . the ceasar was traditional and good . we had the parsnip cake surprising and a little dense but satisfying . the mousse was not great but the topping was excellent . wines were reasonable .
went to celebrate a birthday . dinner was great , and the service was very attentive , but i had asked upon making the reservation to bring out a dessert for his birthday and they did not follow through at the end of dinner . left slightly disappointed that they did not take the time to pay attention to my request .
amazing food , fantastic service , and the best duck confit i have ever had ! the staff was super friendly and very professional . everyone seemed to help each other out and there was none of that this is not my job or this is not my station kind of attitude you can get at some upscale restaurants . the wine and the courses were excellent and would recommend this place to anyone . cannot wait to go again !
we came for an early and there was no wait . they staff including the chef were super nice . the salad appetizer arrived quite expeditiously , however the main course took a pretty long time . they have an open kitchen and its not a big one so perhaps they have a hard time keeping up with the customers . the price is very reasonable and the portions are hearty . i had the pork chop with mashed potatoes and chard i think and my husband had the swordfish . we also ordered a side of peas . the pork dish was very well flavored and everything complement very well except the greens were very very over cooked to a point of being mushy . i like food on the salty side but some may find the pork to be a little too savory . the fish was over cooked . the peas were delicious . we also had their parsnip carrot cake which tasted fine but the texture was a little doughy for cake . all in all , really glad a decent eatery joined the castro hood . a great neighborhood place that will not break the bank !
the best food i have had in the castro . i started with the corn chowder , a soup i would normally avoid due to it being more of a gummy paste . this corn chowder was actually soup like and had such a delicious , fresh corn flavor to it . i tried the leg of lamb with potato cake and vegetables . the lamb may be the best lamb i have ever had , and the potato cake was quite delicious . dessert was the dark chocolate mousse , which can only be described as sinful ! parking is what is is since you are dining in the castro , but this one is worth the trip even if you do not live in the castro area !
the space is quaint and whimsical think framed portraits of characters from various wait for it fables and fairytales . the service was impeccable , and one of the co owners checked in with us a couple of times . it was not intrusive , it was because he knew we wanted to chat with him about his amazing food . the bread basket was simple , two crusty rolls with softened , salty butter this scored huge points in my book . we started with the caesar salad , which was served as a high pile of whole romaine leaves with croutons and a lemon wedge . the dressing was creamy , and the first taste was of lemon , followed by a hint of anchovy . outstanding . i had the crispy chicken with brussels sprouts and potato gratin . i rarely order chicken in a restaurant and felt a little guilty about doing so in this instance , but all that faded away with the first bite . the chicken was moist , and the skin perfectly crisp . the jus around the plate dressed the brussels sprouts and complemented the cheesiness of the potatoes . my mom had the pork chop with cheddar cheese grits , and i can honestly say i have never had a pork chop that tasted like this . our waitress explained that it was locally raised and organic , and was cooked medium . the meat melted in your mouth and had undertones of bacon . i do not even possess the language to describe it adequately it was really that good . for dessert , we got both the bittersweet chocolate mouse complete with salted caramel whipped cream and a slice of the parsnip walnut cake with cream cheese frosting . the mousse was excellent , but i was sidetracked by the cake , which was like a carrot cake , but better . the cake was moist and the parsnips added a certain spiciness . it was one of the most creative interpretations of a classic that i have had in some time . unfortunately i could not finish it so , so full , so i took the rest home and snacked on it for breakfast the next day . and it was still awesome . fable is a special place , where people from francisco eat . the menu is not extensive , but there is something for everyone , and the atmosphere is warm . this is a must on any francisco tour . goingplacesandeatingthin
awesome place ! the food was amazing and the service excellent . reasonably priced for quality place in the castro . highly recommened !
i am very impressed by this new castro neighborhood spot ! the ambiance is intimate , and seating inside is quite limited , , make a reservation well in advance , while the outside seating area has a fire pit that is great to have a drink and wait for your table to be ready . the menu was simple , but had many options for shared appetizer plates , and entrees . the staff was knowledgeable , professional , attentive , and there was good motown music playing to lighten the mood . i recommend the pork pot stickers as an appetizer , they were bread crusted and savory , and the braised lamb or pork chop for entrees all were well seasoned and served right . given how high grade the foodie quality of the food was , the price was quite reasonable .
i wrote a star review of fable back in , and vowed not to return . several friends have enjoyed it and so i returned last night . what a change . the service was , like it , excellent and the food was , unlike in , excellent . the star of the evening were the mussels perfectly cooked and seasoned . we also really enjoyed the pork cheeks and mac and cheese side . the pork chop was a bit dry but well seasoned , and the eggplant base was very nice . this reminds me that restaurants change . fable change these past years has been vastly for the better .
what a fantastic addition to not only the castro , but for the city overall . the space is stylish , warm and inviting , it has the best wine list in the castro and the food is amazing . i will write a longer review after going a few more times . after following from anchor to woodhouse , i am not surprised at the quality of the food at fable .
we ate at fable on a saturday arrived a half hour early for our reservation , but was seated right away since we were there soon after the restaurant had opened for the dinner meal . the food was really good and well constructed . service was impeccable . the menu selections are varied and the servers are well informed and can answer questions well . this is a great romantic spot and a thoroughly enjoyable place for a good meal . recommended .
i had the pleasure of having dinner at this new place . exactly what we needed in the castro . a really nice , comfortable , moderately priced eatery with outstanding service . we were waited on hand and foot from the minute we entered . because our table reservation was not ready yet , we were treated to a free glass of wine and escorted to an out of the way place to wait which only turned out to be about minutes . they are still attempting to get a linen exchange for napkins and are using paper which was one of our minor issues but , the server assured us they were working on that . just seemed odd but , sounds like they are aware of it . i had the pork chop which was cooked and presented with perfection . the other person with me had the duck and said it was perfection . so great we finally have a nice place to eat in the hood now that is gone . also they have done a fantastic job of redecorating and are in the process of opening up the rear patio after remodeling . i will go back soon .
good food . nice ambiance . now there is three good places to eat in the castro !
this little place is a great addition to castro street . we shared a salad blue cheese wedge , two entrees pork chop and chicken , and glass of chardonnay for including tip , so quite reasonable for the quality of the food . all selections were fabulous . service was attentive and pleasant . really enjoyed this place and definitely recommend .
how adorable is this place ? first i think mostly of clubs when i think of castro so to find this really cute dinner spot was amazing ! the decor is so classy and the mirrors on the walls are all pictures of aesop fables , like the name . get it ? i ordered the chicken breast and my friend ordered the beef stew , both of which were classics and very tasty . our waiter was maybe a little disappointed that we are not big spenders ordering wine and appetizers and dessert , but he was still very , very nice , like all the other staff at the restaurant . this would be a great , kind trendy , but not too cool for school place to take a date for dinner . super cute , super friendly waiters and good food . enjoy !
we went to fable last night for the first time for dinner . brunch was excellent but dinner was super duper excellent . we each had the beef stew , now , you must think gourmet beef stew , and it was the best beef stew we have ever had . and we almost always order beef stew if it is on the menu . the side dishes were a great compliment as well as the bread and butter with a delish seasoned salt ! we skipped dessert just cause we had been noshing at xmas parties all day already . but the menu sounded great so we will be back and we will make sure to include dessert . the service was attentive , and super and friendly without being too overwhelming . just right . i love the dining bar and warm sultry romantic lighting throughout the restaurant . it feels intimate and romantic , sheik and well thought out . a great place for a date or anything else really . this is a great addition to the neighborhood and sf !
kale salad . steak . glass of wine or cocktail . you are good to go . i always sit at the bar . service is great . sometimes the music is awful more like bar music than restaurant .
i cannot wait until they open up the outdoor seating . the food was amazing and my waiter was on top of everything . i definitely recommend fable !
i really want this place to succeed , because the gayborhood needs more nice places to have a great evening and a great meal . the food was fine . the wine was great . we had a lousy table , next to a place where plates and silver were being clanged ! and banged ! , but what can you do ? but for the prices they are charging , they need to pay attention to service and attitude . some examples . the host was snotty , both on the phone you could sniff the attitude and in person . we felt really unwelcome before we even arrived . . the server had this totally phony , unpleasant affect . i do not need to be coddled or fawned over , but i do want to feel that the folks who work at a nice restaurant are . nice . pleasant agreeable . professional . the whole staff should go to frances , which is charging the same amount for a meal , to see what i mean . or delfina , or firefly , or some other restaurant in walking distance aiming for the same upscale clientele , with lovely staff who know how to interact in a genuine way with diners . . the single most important thing we arrived at , the restaurant was never full , they were not trying to turn our table , nor were they eager to get rid of us to close the place . but at least a half dozen times , staff zoomed over to our table to try to take away half finished dishes . are you done with that ? can i take that away ? over and over again . this creates the totally wrong vibe it is not pop across the street where the bottom line might depend on turnover . it is a place where maybe folks want to linger over a meal again , they were not trying to turn the table . relax ! especially at the prices you are charging . . as we left , our server and another server were out front smoking . that is really a turnoff , and not something you see elsewhere . if the staff who is handling your food smokes , they usually do it where the customers cannot see . again take the whole staff out to frances . see how a restaurant charging what you are charging and angling for the same clientele in the same neighborhood gets it all right .
great food with a lovely wine list . each menu selection has a suggested wine pairing . my wife and i shared the soup of the day , corn chowder , and the heirloom tomato salad . both were amazing . she had the pot roast and i went for the the mixed kabobs . again , both were very nice . we will be going back again soon .
went for lunch . sat outside , it was a great day . ordered a cress salad , and it was not only very small , but also very plain . not a lot of flavors . pancakes were good , but portions are not very generous either .
we were greeted by some nice gentlemen that told us we could sit right away at the bar . we chose to sit next to the head chef and really enjoyed watching him and his team prepare the plates . all four chefs executed their dishes masterfully and were very attentive to our questions . the food was amazing from start to finish . we shared the beet appetizer and the presentation was fun and the beets were delicious . i got the pot roast and my boyfriend got the pork chop cooked medium . the pork chop was simply divine . moist and tender throughout . the pot roast with roasted vegetables served with a small yorkshire pudding type of roll was brilliant . excellent flavors , fall apart tender and downright amazing comfort food . even home could not have touched this pot roast . we topped the night off with the chocolate mousse . excellent finish with its saltiness and dense chocolate flavors . i recommend they stay for a long time . welcome to the castro !
the food was really , truly excellent . in fact , i absolutely loved this place and i am so glad that it is in the neighborhood . i had the chicken which was cooked perfectly and so flavorful . they also had a special cucumber salad with a yogurt dressing that we started with which was fresh , perfectly seasonal and tasted amazing . the only negative thing i would say is that it is a bit pricey for what it is . i think the menu and atmosphere come together to make a neighborhood gem but the price point does not invite super regular visits . if they could add some casual menu options especially for a weeknight this would be well received .
all the food was very good . strong flavors and well cooked . we had the pork cheek and melon salad for appetizers both strongly recommend . for entrees , two of us had a strip special , someone had the rabbit with southern gravy , and another had the spare ribs . everyone was very happy . the rabbit was the best southern food she had in california . finished with creme brulee , which was more like a silky chocolate mousse but tasty . the waiter was eager and willing to bring by tastings of the wine to make sure you were happy with the selection , which was nice . they did not note the birthday comment we put in the reservation , but service was great so i will let that slide .
been here for dinner and brunch . both were great . the pancakes are out of this world ! wish we would been able to get outdoor seating since we had a reservation , but i guess i will know to ask for it when i reserve next time .
went here after walking around castro for awhile . they did not have any room but took our number to call when something opened up . we sat at the chef bar which is always fun . nice waiter explained some of the dishes for us . had the calamari the green goddess salad to start both very good . two of us had the crispy chicken sticky rice delicious . one had the pot roast said it was delicious . the rhubarb strawberry crisp was a little too sweet for me . overall nice place , would recommend it for a leisurely meal with good service food , not too pricey a good wine list as well .
great service . sweet potato gratin was delicious . mains were so so . wine was interesting .
we came in as the first guest of the evening . it was a slightly cold afternoon and the owner wanted to place us on the patio . too cold we thought , by the way it was cold in the whole restaurant he argued a bit about that . we sat inside and although we were the only ones in the restaurant it took some time to get attention . finally ordered . we wanted a cocktail , not possible only wine ? the wine list is quite small . the wine we ordered was on the border of turned , but we got a new bottle . there were specials one of them cesar salad not so special . the food was tasteful but standard broccoli , cauliflower and mashed potatoes with the meat . we wanted to order an espresso but no coffee . finally we asked a bowl of water for our service dog not possible because of the hazard of spilling , but when we went to the toilet talk about spilling ! the toilet looked like it was not cleaned from the night before !
the host was a jerk . we were set to eat here , but as my wife checked out the menu , he impolitely informed me that i could not use the restroom unless we had made up our mind on whether we we are eating here or not .
i highly recommend this restaurant ! not only was the food delicious but the service was amazing ! everyone was attentive , considerate and accommodating . we were seated in the back and the group behind us became quite loud , within a few short minutes we were offered a table in a quieter part of the restaurant and our dessert was on the house for the inconvenience which was absolutely unnecessary but greatly appreciated !
five of us celebrated a birthday at fable on thursday evening , july . upon entering , we were met by chef owner , who welcomed us with a handsome smile and showed us to our table . fable has a warm and comfortable ambiance , quite like being guests for dinner at the home of good friends . introduced us to marda , our server , who , when she returned with our drink order , charmed us all while explaining items on the menu , along with some of the specials that evening . we ordered two bottles of orience from the wine list , which , upon tasting , got a pleasing nod from the wine expert in our group . the rabbit entree caught our attention , and four of us ordered it it was scrumptuous and cooked perfectly , presented with warm spinach and baby carrots on a bed of mashed potatoes , topped with a ladle of gravy . i ordered the new york strip , but managed to snare a bite of rabbit from my neighbor at the table . wonderful ! my strip was tasty and a good size portion . desserts were too tempting to pass up chocolate lovers will be happy , but do not pass up the panna cotta ! service during dinner was efficient and quick but not at all intrusive , and stopped by more than once to check in on us and to make sure we were happy . all in all , two hours passed much too quickly , and we all agreed that we would be back . fable had captivated us with its storybook charm .
i was visiting for labor day weekend and came into fable for dinner . i live in baltimore and after looking over the menu chose some kind of meat entree dismissing out of hand the maryland soft shell crab . until someone at the next table ordered it . i cancelled my order and requested the soft shell crab . i never , ever order crab cakes or any other maryland blue crab dish anywhere outside of baltimore for fear of utter disappointment . they delivered exquisite fried soft shell crab that would put many local baltimore restaurants to shame . the key was the lighter than air crispy coating , drizzle of sauce and crunchy salad . even in baltimore a soft shell crab can easily be ruined by a bulky coating or heavy hand with some kind of sauce . soft shell season is brief . if they have it on menu , get it . you could travel to baltimore and not find anything better . or just go because the wait staff is dreamy . maybe the crabs were awful and i was too busy staring at ramsey . i will let you be the judge .
we had a very enjoyable dinner at fable . i had the rabbit which was very tasty and my husband had the sturgeon which he enjoyed . portions are on the smallish side which would be my only complaint . service was very friendly and efficient and i would definitely go back .
came here on a saturday evening for dinner not knowing what to expect . pleasantly surprised , to say the least . service was excellent . decor and ambiance was very comfortable . started with a citrus salad which was very flavorful and plenty enough to share for two . ordered a swordfish dish and their cioppino , both done excellently . did not have enough room for dessert so i cannot comment on that . overall a great experience and will definitely return for more !
fable is one of my favorite places in the castro . the interior is stylish and usually quieter than lots of the other options nearby , so it is great for conversation over a nice meal . the food is maybe a touch on the expensive side , but it is high quality . i have gotten the chicken and fish entrees in the past and they have always been great . the staff is friendly and will take good care of you . definitely one of the best restaurants the neighborhood has to offer .
our party of ate at fable this evening , and we had a wonderful time . their service was amazing . we were late and in a rush for a show , and they were attentive and friendly . the chicken and pork chop are not to be missed . we sat outside , and it was lovely ! heat lamps , private , and cute lighting . thanks for a great night out fable !
i have recently eaten here for brunch and another time for dinner . brunch we had the eggs benedict which was available with pork belly yes duh and the duck confit salad . both were delicious . the duck was so good i debated ordering it when we came back for dinner a similar item was listed as an appetizer . i ended up branching out , and everything we ordered for dinner was fantastic . short ribs and a special appetizer fried soft shell crab were the absolute standouts , but everything was fantastic . i cannot wait to make this a regular haunt .
the patio outside was heated with lamps and just lovely . gracious , attentive service by our waiter with a tattoo sleeve and the manager . the food was wonderful and thoughtfully prepared . we got the beet salad and soft shell crab as appetizers , the scallops entree and scallop appetizer as our main dishes , and the raspberry pear crisp for dessert . went there for our anniversary , and it made for a perfect night . we will definitely go back .
this is an amazing place . the food was terrific and the service even better . chicken dish was superb . likewise the starters salads . the staff was very attentive and helpful without hovering . this is my first five star rating .
went to fable for the first time last night with a group of friends to celebrate our april birthdays . what a perfect spot ! loved the food , the atmosphere , the service . loved it all . it is a shinning star in the castro and i would highly recommend to locals and tourists . it is small inside but they are planning on opening up the patio soon and that will allow for a lot more seating . do not skip the desserts . we had a chocolate mouse with chipotle salt and it was incredible . a great addition to the francisco restaurant scene !
two of us had dinner at the bar roasted artichoke , chicken , and sole . every single thing was great , including all the sides .
this place is great . a friend and i went and had a wonderful time . i had the duck and he had the pot roast . both were perfectly done .
another excellent meal at fable . they have the best chicken and the vegetables had an amazing flavor and i am not a vege guy . also loved the cobbler and dulche de leche mouse . great service too !
dining room is tiny , but the food is excellent . a seasonal menu that changes relatively frequently is hard to guarantee a future diner will enjoy just as much but if the meal our group had could be considered a barometer of enjoyment , then go ! we had deviled eggs to start trendy but done well , delicious bean chorizo soup and beef and duck confit entrees . the duck was done quite nicely . good service professional and friendly .
great food at dinner . pork cheeks are amazing and the chicken was one the best mains i have had this year . fantastic service too everyone has been universally cheerful , positive and competent . complimentary dessert as one of the mains was a cold . great wine price too . would not hesitate to recommend for dinner . brunch was much less successful and so i would probably stick to dinner .
lucky me . i had a night off and no particular plan so i says to myself i says wanna go out to eat something yummy . stopped by a few places . checked out menus , vibes , no , no uh uh . then i spied fable across the street . jay walked over and checked out the menu , the smiling faces , the low lighting and went in . immediately greeted by the friendly sous chef behind the serving counter and then quickly greeted by the host . i knew i had found the right place . then i saw chef john and relaxed . i knew i could not go wrong . had some light white wine with my pork cheeks and pot roast . do not shoot me ! i can have any wine i want . very tasty , and the food stay hot all the way to the last bite . will definitely go back again .
enjoyed trying fable last night . we all liked the menu choices and the use of the inside space that used to be just a hallway in the old luna . i enjoyed the cream of cauliflower soup very nice and my partner enjoyed the pork cheek which i got to try . i had the crispy skinned chicken . although delish , i wanted more of the sides . felt the portion was a just a tad tiny . there were four of us dining , and two of us were served our entrees . then about min later , the other two entrees was served but my partner pork chop was literally raw on the inside . they took it back to cook up but we were almost done with our entrees by the time his chop returned . waiter should have offered him a free glass of wine for the trouble . otherwise , we had a very nice meal and will go back . i do hope they consider changing their menu over time to keep it interesting . and it will be great once the back patio opens . the owner said it should open in about months .
fable ? myth ! why is it that when you arrive at a restaurant that is empty on a wednesday night at pm , they ask you if you have a reservation , you say no , and they tell you they only have two terrible options near the rest rooms or the bar , and you say fine , and during the two hours you are there , only two couples walk in and the place is still empty ? stupid and pretentious . and then the brooklynesque yawn long bearded , tatted and youthful waiter asks if you want still or tap because ordinary tap water is not even an option though it is on the menu as free you say tap and the waiter takes his own sweet time to get it . . . and then the detailed descriptions of the food do not live up to the watery and sour salad and over cooked fish , well , what can you do ? pay the over priced bill and never go back to such a mediocre place but that is pretty much the castro these days .
dinner last night was so so . my friends and i desperately want a decent castro restaurant experience but i guess we are still looking . food was very uneven . some dishes were way over salted and others completely under seasoned . the vegetarian option was bland . the waiter did not even inquire about why my friend had barely touched hers . the manager i assume he was the manager came around but did not ask whether she might want something else . to me , this would have been the perfect opportunity for the restaurant to redeem itself ! the roast chicken was good but the bed of chard and potatoes were so salty it made the dish inedible . the shepherd pie was stringy and the mac and cheese had no flavor . pork chop was very good . chocolate mousse was excellent with a little bit of salt to balance the sweetness . we left wondering what the idea was behind the restaurant . i did not feel like it had a point of view . the food was all over the proverbial map ! we spent a lot of money , and we wanted to leave satisfied that we would come back . we were ultimately disappointed !
yum ! loved every bite . super delicious peach , cucumber salad and very fresh and yummy tuna ceviche . awesome summer squash and gruyere gratin . my date had pot roast with mashed potatoes and she loved it ! service was excellent super nice guy waiter and lovely host . great spot , thanks !